马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
2023-03-09
 




English 
8 Nepalese Maoist Parties Push Back As Judiciary Takes Up PPW-Era Cases 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T05:10:43+00:00
Update Time: 2023-03-09T02:21:15+00:00
Images: [' thumb-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['Aahuti', 'Anti-Revisionism', 'Bahadur Rayamajhi', 'Baigyanik Samajbadi Communist Party', 'Biplav', 'Bishwa Bhakta Dulal', 'Communist Party of Nepal', 'Comprehensive Peace Accord', 'CP Gajurel', 'CPN', 'CPN (Bahumat)', 'CPN (Majority)', 'CPN (Maoist Centre)', 'CPN (Maoist Socialist)', 'CPN-Revolutionary Maoist', 'CPN-UML', 'Dr. Baburam Bhattarai', 'Jwala Kumari Sah', 'Karnajit Budhathoki', 'Kathmandu', 'Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma', 'Kiran', 'Lekhraj Bhatta', 'Lil Bahadur Thapa Magar', 'Mani Thapa', 'maoism', 'Maoist Communist Party Nepal', 'Marxism-Leninism-Maoism', 'Modern revisionism', 'Mohan Baidya', 'Narayan Prasad Dhimal', 'Nepal', 'Nepal Samajbadi Party', 'Netra Bikram Chand', 'PPW in Nepal', 'Prachanda', 'Prachandism', 'Pushpa Kamal Dahal', 'Ram Bahadur Thapa', 'Revisionism']
Categories: ['Nepal', "People's War"]
 Kathmandu, March 8, 2023: Hours before the Supreme Court registered a pairof writ petitions of People's War cases, eight Maoist parties held a raregathering at the prime minister’s residence in Baluwatar on Tuesday.
They warned the judiciary that any attempt to go against the peace process andrecent political changes would be resisted tooth and nail.
Leaders of the eight parties said not just them, but the masses would take tothe streets if attempts were made to derail the ongoing peace process.
“We are ready for just about any eventuality,” said Dharmendra Bastola,convener of the CPN(Majority).
Earlier, on November 10, the Supreme Court administration had refused toregister the writ petitions, saying that the petitioners had alreadyregistered their cases at the Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC). Butthe court later changed its stance.
On Tuesday, the meeting of the eight groups concluded that issues related tothe peace process must be managed as per the spirit of the Comprehensive PeaceAccord signed in 2006.
“We are clear that any activities and actions taken beyond the process oftransitional justice won’t be helpful in implementing the peace agreement,”they said in a joint statement following their meeting at Baluwatar.
“We strongly demand that the government make immediate legal and institutionalprovisions to conclude the remaining tasks of the peace process.” Ironically,one of the signatories of the joint statement was Prime Minister Pushpa KamalDahal, the government head, who is also the chairman of the CPN (MaoistCentre).
Besides Dahal, the other signatories were Baburam Bhattarai, chair of theNepal Samajbadi Party; CP Gajurel, standing committee member of the CPN(Revolutionary Maoist); Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma, Spokesperson of Thecommunist Party of Nepal; Dharmendra Bastola, Convener of the CPN(Majority); World Consumer Dulal 'Ahuti', General Secretary is the Scientific Socialist Party; Carnejit Buddhathi, Chair -of -T -spawn(Maoist Socialist); andNarayan Prasad Dhimal, central member of the Maoist Communist Party Nepal.Earlier, on Sunday, various former and current Maoist leaders gathered at afunction organized by the “Foundation of martyrs and disappeared fighters’children” where they stressed the need to join hands to safeguard theachievements of the People’s War.
The Sunday gathering had followed a decision last week by a division bench ofthe Supreme Court to register writ petitions demanding action against theprime minister and CPN(Maoist Centre)chair Dahal.
This Supreme Court decision instilled a sense of disquiet among former Maoistforces.
“We are on the same page when it comes to countering any activity against thepeace agreement and political change,” the joint statement issued by the eightgroups added. “[We] are committed to the fact that all the agreements andunderstandings signed with the state on different occasions must beimplemented.”
Among the many groups of former Maoist forces, Dahal leads the mainstreamMaoist force, the CPN(Maoist Centre). Other Maoist leaders including MohanBaidya believe that Dahal has betrayed the original Maoist cause.
The eight groups assembled on Tuesday were some of the splinter groups formedby the splitting of the CPN (Maoist)that had waged the decade-long People'sWar(1996-2006).
The Kirati-led group had taken the helm of the CPN (Maoist Centre)after Dahalmerged the party with the UML in May 2018 to form the Nepal Communist Party.But when the Maoist Centre and UML were both revived by a Supreme Courtdecision in March 2021, Dahal got to lead the mother party again.
When the Nepal Communist Party split, at least four senior Maoist leadersstayed with the UML—Ram Bahadur Thapa as vice-chair, Top Bahadur Rayamajhi andLekhraj Bhatta as secretaries, and Mani Thapa as a standing committee member.Former Maoist leaders Lil Bahadur Thapa Magar and Jwala Kumari Sah are now UMLpolitburo members.
The Maoist splinters see the petition as a ploy to reignite conflict in thecountry.
Addressing an event organized later in the day on the eve of the 113thInternational Working Women's Day, former prime minister and chair of NepalSamajbadi Party Baburam Bhattarai, who was also present at the Baluwatarmeeting on Tuesday, said that the case against the prime minister intends topush the country back into conflict.
“This looks simple, but this is an issue of serious nature,” Bhattarai added.“We respect the court, but all conflict-era cases should be resolved by theTRC, something that is clearly stated in the constitution.”“There is no possibility of unity with the forces like the one led by Dahal,but we are together on transitional justice issues,” said CP Gajurel, a seniorleader of CPN(Revolutionary Maoist). “We will certainly forge a workingalliance with all the former Maoist forces to fight any conspiracy against thepeace process.”
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/8-nepalese-maoist-parties-push-back-as-judiciary-takes-up-ppw-era-cases/ 
CPN General Secretary Chand Meets With PM Dahal 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T10:18:39+00:00
Update Time: 2023-03-09T02:23:12+00:00
Images: [' 1678254627_Biplov_vet_J4RvkER3jv-1200x560_20230308114851-800x445.jpg ']
Tags: ['Anti-Revisionism', 'Baluwatar', 'Biplav', 'Communist Party of Nepal', 'CPN', 'CPN (Maoist Centre)', 'Kathmandu', 'Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma', 'maoism', 'Marxism-Leninism-Maoism', 'Modern revisionism', 'Nepal', 'Netra Bikram Chand', 'PPW in Nepal', 'Prachanda', 'Prachandism', 'Pushpa Kamal Dahal', 'Revisionism']
Categories: ['Nepal', "People's War"]
 Kathmandu, March 8, 2023: A meeting was held between Prime Minister PushpaKamal Dahal and CPN General Secretary Netra Bikram Chand.
The meeting took place on Wednesday morning at Baluwatar, the officialresidence of the Prime Minister. Chand’s Secretariat said that there was aserious discussion and review of the latest political developments in thecountry. CPN Spokesperson Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma was also present in themeeting.
After a case against Prime Minister Dahal, who is also the Chairman of the CPN(Maoist Center), was registered at the court, discussions between variousMaoist factions have increased. Yesterday, the eight different Maoist factionsissued a joint statement and warned that they would respond collectively as acase of the conflict period was taken to the court.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/cpn-general-secretary-chand-meets-with-pm-dahal/ 
Women fight the land throughout Brazil - the new democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: Thousands of peasant women mobilized in struggle for the land throughout Brazil between March 1st and 8th, International Day of Proletarian Women. To the
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T14:10:47-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T13:16:17-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-09T13:16:17-03:00
Images: []
Section: Luta Pela Terra
Tags: ['Tomadas de terra']
Type: article
Peasants mobilized in Bahia, Alagoas and Rio Grande do Sul. Photo: Reproduction
Thousands of peasant women mobilized in struggle for the land throughout the work of March 1st and 8th, International Day of Proletarian Women. .
Hundreds of peasant women took land in Bahia. The sockets make part of the National Day of struggle of landless women, organized by the landless workers(MST). Até o momento, 470mulheres camponesas participaram na tomada de três latifúndios.
Na madrugada do dia 01/03, cerca de 120 camponesas ocuparam a Fazenda SantaMaria, no município de Itaberaba, na região da Chapada Diamantina (BA). Afazenda ocupada tem quase 2 mil hectares de terra e está abandonada.
Leia também: Camponeses se mobilizam com ocupações e protestos e estremecem aBahia On 03/05, hundreds of peasant women occupied two farms in the same region. About 100 peasants occupied Fazendarosarinho, municipality of Rafael Jambeiro. According to the MST, Latifundio Commil Hectares has been abandoned for over eight years and without fulfilling his "functions".
Another occupation took place in the northeast region of the state, in the municipality ofjremoabo, where 200 women occupied the Espinheiro Farm. According to Omst, the area was also abandoned for many years, being a part of land and another part, with more than 620 hectares, from a single owner.
All of these lands are now the target of the occupation of hundreds of the peasants and count on the support of the millions of landless peasants or with little in search of living with dignity. This fight occurs throughout the country, as an example in Rondônia, where more than 800 families have carried out the Cortopopular in the area Tiago Campin dos Santos and are already reaping the fruits of the dotrack .
Leia também: Em nota, LCP denuncia chacina e torturas macabras duranteoperação policial ##### In Alagoas, peasants require the regularization of their lands The march brought together peasants organized in various Pellerra struggle movements, such as the Pastoral Commission of the Earth(CPT), National Fighting Front(FNL), Liberation movement of the landless(MLST), Land Fighting Movement(MLT), Movement of Peasant Women(MMC), MST, Earth Movement, work and freedom(MTL)and free land movement.
The regularization of land is an important agenda of the peasant struggle throughout Opaís, as it is a step towards definitive titration. Although the title given by the old state is not the final guarantee that the peasants will not be relieved of their land for the landlord, it can boost the struggle against delayed relationships of dependence and submission of the landlord(semi -feudal relations).
Leia também: AL: Camponeses realizam combativo ato exigindo a regularizaçãode suas terras ##### In RS, peasants denounce threatened damn dam 
About 300 peasants carried out an act in the Vila Heriros community, Nobairro Lomba do Pinheiro, in front of the Lomba do Sabão dam, in the Entreportorto Alegre and Viamão border, in Rio Grande do Sul. According to the peasants, Olocal, abandoned by the Porto Alegre City Hall since 2000, has a breakthrough. They denounce that the breaking of the dam would cause countlessness to about 70,000 people who are directly affected and require the city to take immediate measures.
Also in the demonstration, honors were made for the moving militant affected by dams(MAB)Débora Moraes, a local resident, who was a 2022 was murdered by her husband.
In contrast to what the thousands of peasants in struggle for land demand, Ogoverno Lula/Alckimin(more than two months after its beginning)He has not yet presented a “agrarian reform” plan. This has motivated mass complaints from all over the country that, without waiting for the paralysis of the mood classes to meet their claims, take land from north to south dopaís.
Read also: In a new wave of occupations, 1,700 peasant families occupy a quarter of large estates in Bahia 
Facing both the landlord and its gun, as well as the government and suemagogy, the peasant masses point to the path of taking the dolatifundium lands.
Read also: Against the crisis, 1,400 peasant families are facing and take large estates across the country 
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/mulheres-lutam-pela-terra-em-todo-o-brasil/ 
UFPB students protest the increase in passage - the new democracy 
Author: Ana Nascimento
Description: As with UFPB, students from Curitiba also held a demonstration against the increase in the passage. In the city, the amount charged has passed from
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T16:03:15-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T14:01:33-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-09T14:01:33-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['aumento de passagem', 'ufpb']
Type: article
Photo: TV Cabo Branco/Reproduction
On the afternoon of March 7, students and workers from the Federal University Daparaíba(UFPB)They were repressed by police when they were manifesting against the increase in bus fare in João Pessoa, which passed R $ 4.40 to R $ 4.70. The students began the demonstration at Praça da Paze moved to the University City, where they made a compnee blockade in flames. They denounce that such a measure was taken without discussing the population.
At one point, when they arrived in the university city, the protesters were surrounded by the police, who began to assault, throw rubber bullets and launch pepper spray against those present.
Manifestations such as the one on Tuesday at UFPB are not isolated. They are part of the mass struggle of our country for better working conditions and study against the precariousness of public, free and quality education.

increases are reported throughout the country 
As with UFPB, students from Curitiba also performed a manifestation against the increase in the passage. In the city, the amount charged passed R $ 5.50 to R $ 6,00. With a large track that carried the consign ** R $ 6,00 eroubo!Free pass now!(one of the entities that organized the protest), hundreds of stressful denounced the population the absurdity of increased tickets.
Read also: PR: held in Curitiba Grande demonstration against the increased passage The current increases in transport rates that occur across the country has the main beneficiary of transport entrepreneurs. Conniving to the anti -poison of the transport mafia, the governments pass the increase to the point without any counterpart. Tired of so much humiliation, with crowded public, spoiled, without maintenance, without air conditioning(even in the middle of summer), the response of the people has been demanding free pass already.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/estudantes-da-ufpb-protestam-contra-aumento-de-passagem/ 
PC 8 March - Message from Turkish companions for women who resist in earthquake areas 
Author: maoist
Description: Dear comrades and friends, As International Women's Day For Struggle approaches, we would like to emphasize the strength of solidarity and...
Time: 2023-03-08T16:13:00+01:00
Images: []
Dear comrades and friends,
As International Women's Day For Struggle approaches, we would like toemphasize the strength of solidarity and organizing capacity of the communistand revolutionary women in the devastated cities. Peoples in the region havebeen suffering the harshest conditions during this winter time, but they alsorealise the character of the plunder of the capitalist state. Many socialistorganizations and women's organizations have been conducting solidaritycampaigns together with the people there.
Here is our short thread on the issue with some photos from the work there:
<https://twitter.com/MLKP_IB/status/1633089382935568387> 
Revolutionary greetings,
MLKP International Bureau
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-messaggio-dai-compagni.html 
PC 8 March - The strikes in France continue against the reform of Macron's pensions - short info, during the week reports and assessments 
Author: maoist
Description: 1.28 million participants according to the figures of the Ministry of the Interior, three and a half million according to the CGT. About 300 hands were held ...
Time: 2023-03-08T16:43:00+01:00
Images: [' download.jpg ']
 1.28 million participants according to the figures of the Ministry of the Interior, and a half and a half Tremilioni according to the CGT.
About 300 events were held throughout France, with numbers who are also in minor urban centers and rural areas.
From the interviews in the reportages of the various ILDATO information newspapers that emerges among the
Protesters, beyond the union acronym to which they belong, is that we have to_ the struggle and that only the _blocco of the country will be able to change to the government.
The intersindacal, which includes 8 workers' organizations, has already already been a new mobilization for Saturday 11 and another for Wednesday 15, the day of the mixed commission, the last stage of the discussion of the discussion.
Today on Wednesday 8 March, many of the sectors that have striked the 7th union action on 7. Among these, the workers of the railways - with a unanimous vote of all the four representative unions - and gliautists of Rapit(Metro and Bus in Paris).
Se si aggiunge l'azione dei "blocchi filtranti" messa in atto dagliautotrasportatori - mobilitati in parte già da domenica sera - e l'astensionedal lavoro di una parte importante del personale aereoportuale, si ha ilquadro dell'impatto complessivo sul settore.
Nell'istruzione, mentre il Ministero dell'Educazione afferma che nelle scuolesolo un insegnante su tre avrebbe scioperato, il sindacato più rappresentativonel comparto (SNUIPP-FSU)estimates more than 60% adherence to the primary school strike. The FSU calls the decent body to mobilize also for 8marzo. There have been blocks in many higher institutes and in different universities.
Just less than half of the Edf employees would have striked, according to the company ladies. But in the meantime, the strike is also prolonged to Questomettoledì, among other things, in all the sites of the Totellegies, with blocked fuel expeditions. Three of the four of the terminals for natural gas(LNG)will be stopped for a week.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-proseguono-gli-scioperi-in.html 
March 8, 2023 in Hamburg 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-08T19:58:32+00:00
Images: [' Hamburg_8._März_2023-Rotes_Frauenkomitee_Hamburg-1.jpg ', ' Hamburg_8._März_2023-Rotes_Frauenkomitee_Hamburg-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['Hamburg', 'Internationaler Frauenkampftag', 'Antimilitarismus']
Category: None
 Numerous meetings took place in Hamburg on March 8th, and the demonstration, which had a spacer, had a few thousand participants. There was also a contingent of the Red Women's Committee in Hamburg in the first third of the demonstration, it was borne by a transparent with the slogans: “Women fighting and fought for you: against imperialism and patriarchy!Against the wave of inflation and militarism!"Beared.
In addition, hundreds of leaflet of the Red Women's Committee - FRG was distributed at the age of 8. March and loudly tuned slogans, which were found in a dividing demonstration. Even though in this demonstration it was not the proletarian color of feminism, but others, but still there was a combat atmosphere on the great demonstration, which shows that the crowds of women are increasingly and more conscious and more active in the political fight and ultimately the growth of the proletarian women's movement will become stronger.
 
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7532-8-maerz-2023-in-hamburg 
PC 8 March - Cutro: the Government of Assassini stopped by the protest of the family members of migrants who died - Saturday maximum participation in the national event of Cutro 
Author: maoist
Description: Cutro shipwreck, the transfer of the corpses to Bologna has blocked after the protest of the family's sit-in family members of the family members ...
Time: 2023-03-08T20:38:00+01:00
Images: [' 1678276638462_rainewsbadfbccaabdfece.jpg ', ' 0c92acef81a7f396c72ebff637fa25b7.jpg ', ' protesta-parenti-vittime-naufragio2-1536x690.jpg ']
Cutro shipwreck, blocked the transfer of the corpses to Bologna after Laprotesta of the family members 
![Cutro's shipwreck, the transfer of the corpses to Bologna after the deparest lanprotesta] blocked](Images/proletari comunisti/2023-03-08T20-38-00-01-00/1678276638462_rainewsbadfbccaabdfece.jpg)Protest sit-in of the families of the victims of the shipwreck in front of the Alpalamilone of Crotone
 The protest of family members in Crotone 
 
Event on the beach of Cutro on 11 March, to express an indignation for what happened and solidarity with the families of the victims. The event, which will begin at 2.30 pm on the Lungomare di Cutro, is "the important national appointment of a path of initiatives emotional that Networks intend to organize " 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-il-governo-di-assassini.html 
2 - Women's strike/workers March 8 in Palermo 
Author: fight
Description: The day of strike and struggle continued in Palermo with a new sit -in at the Palazzo del Parliament Siciliano -ars, where the precarious coo ...
Time: 2023-03-08T20:48:00+01:00
Images: [' ars%20arrivo.jpg ', ' coop%20socilai.jpg ', ' ars%202.jpeg ', ' ars%203%20do.jpg ', ' operatrice%20sanita%CC%80.jpg ', ' Ville.jpg ', ' 12%20mila%20euro%20.jpg ']
The day of strike and struggle continued in Palermo with a new sit-all Palazzo of the Sicilian Parliament -ars, where the precarious coops, workers elees, came to improvise a fighting mini-body that was in the crowded square of workers and precarious workers OSS and TECHNICIDELLA Healthcare in the event, taken during the outbreak of Covid now bound all outside and without work, while hospitals are increasingly alospanding.
Strong and beautiful exchange of solidarity, with applause and then slogans and comiziins together with our megaphone with the many operators in particular to Cuia we gave the flyer.
Video of the mini-body
 One solution, stabilization!
 
 
 
The ARS deputies obscenely increased salaries and dependent allowances while thousands of workers, precarious, precarious, unemployed Devonovivere or with very low or hunger wages, given the attack on the income of the Dicittadinanza of which many women are also deprived today.
You will pay it!
 
 The beautiful solidarity final greeting of the precarious coops, who also obtained a meeting with the vice-president of the Ars for next week, allegations and to the precarious health care
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/03/2-sciopero-delle-donnelavoratrici-8.html 
International Communist League: We share the pain of the peoples of all the nations that have lost their lives because of the earthquake in Turkey, Rojava and Northern Syria! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-08T95:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['French', 'Other Languages']
 International Communist League:
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/08/ligue-communiste-internationale-nous-partageons-la-douleur-des-peuples-de-toutes-les-nations-qui-ont-perdu-la-vie-a-cause-du-tremblement-de-terre-en-turquie-rojava-et-syrie-du-nord/ 
Against#8217; imperialist assault, let us lift the banner of the popular war! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-08T97:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['French', 'Other Languages']
 PROLOTARIES OF ALL PAYS, UNDER! 
Against the imperialist aggression, Lev ons high the banner of Laguerre popular ! 
This February 24, the war of large -scale Russian aggression countel'ukraine will have lasted a year. This unjust war had hundreds of the dead of dead and injured and millions of refugees. Thanks to the heroic Defense of their homeland by the Ukrainian people, despite the national traitors' regime led by the lackey Yankee Zelensky, the aggressor was not able to achieve his war objectives.As President Mao thought, we, Communists, do not fear worldwide, we do not fear nuclear war, we are counterbalanced and we will do everything to prevent it by developing the revolution, percompaning the reactionary war by the popular war. While condemning the imperialist aggression and the warrior propaganda of the imperialists, we never have to forget this. The imperialist aggression must be defeated by Laguerre Populaire.
Russian imperialist outside Ukraine!Long live the struggle of the Ukrainian people!Down with Yankee imperialism and all its acolytes!Avant in the struggle for the reconstruction of Enukraine communist parties, in Russia and around the world!
International Communist League February 8, 2023
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/08/contre-lagression-imperialiste-levons-haut-la-banniere-de-la-guerre-populaire/ 
Call to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations to join the International Communist League 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-08T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['French', 'Other Languages']
 PROLOTARIES OF ALL PAYS, UNDER! 
Call to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist Marxist parties and organizations to be joined by the International Communist League 
The successful holding of the unified Maoist International Conference and Lafinement of the International Communist League are Duproletariat International achievements and a blow of grace against the general counter-revolutionary offensive of imperialism and the world reaction, all like against revisionism and all opportunisms. It has been less than this leap has been produced; The declaration and ontée resolutions translated into 15 languages, and the foundation was celebrated by actions in at least 20 countries, with hundreds of actions ranging from graffiti, duhisson of flags, the suspension of banners, the holding of Posters, to leaflet distribution activities, and to a large Decommunist event with hundreds of participants parading in Germany with the LCIDRAPS and its slogans. It is an unprecedented historical feat of the Communists in a dozen countries have carried out actions under the Logan: let us unite under Maoism!Down with revisionism!Long live international communist laligue!The quantity and quality of the actions to the historical importance of the leap which has been produced and are unanary of the powerful impulse that the communist international movement takes.
The Foundation of the International Communist League is the result of a long and complex pre-trial of more than four decades to overcome Ladispersion and unite the International Communist Movement under Marxism-Leninism-Maoism as commandment and guide of the World Revolution. It is by understanding this process of several decades that it is possible to understand historical transcendence and the deep strategic content of the foundation of the International Communist League.Within the CIMU, parties and organizations with dedicated views were able to reach - through a two -line struggle, by unity, criticism, unity in an honest way and with coamaraderie - The largest ideological and political unity of the four -dear decades. This is a complete example that real communists are uniting under Maoism!The division of the international proletariat Nessert only the interests of revisionism and the reaction. The political declaration and the principles of the LCI express the unity which firmly affected by 15 parties and organizations around the world, it is a big step forward and it is the basis and the point of reference to unify the whole MCI .
The International Communist League will spare no effort to establish a direct meeting with all the M-L-M organizations and organizations which will want to be unity and not to division and which defend the three basic principles: 1. The defense of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, 2. The fight against lerevisionism, and 3. To be for the world proletarian revolution. The LCIS'S effective to organize meetings, meetings and forums aimed at meeting the struggle of two lines and promoting the ideological andpolitical unity. Consequently, it will support all proposals, initiatives, forums, which are used to develop the unity-unity unit. Just ascela was asserted in the political declaration and the principles:
_ “The new international organization is aidid, political and organizational coordination center, based on centralism of aemocratic and the solution of problems by the mutual and permanent consultation between the parties and organizations that comply with it, and it will be this procedure to all those who - While participating in the same principes and goals - are outside of it. »_
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/08/appel-a-tous-les-partis-et-organisations-marxistes-leninistes-maoistes-a-rejoindre-la-ligue-communiste-internationale/ 
India: New actions in the National Church 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T04:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-06T11:45:10+00:00
Description: We bring an unofficial Danish translation of the report from them Volke Dienen over new actions, which have been performed in the People's War in India. On February 25, three police officers were killed in a jungle in…
Images: [' billede.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We bring an unofficial Danish translation of the report from them the Volkedien over new actions that have been carried out in India.
 On February 25, three police officers were killed in a jungle in the Sukman District Idelestaten Chhattisgarh by members of the Communist Party of India [Maoist] -led the People's Liberation's Guerrilla Army [PLGA], led by the Indian Communist Party [Maoist]. The policemen who belonged to the paramilitary formation District Reseve Guard had been assaulted early in the morning when they tried to secure a construction site. Several anti-GuUilla forces were sent to the district to try to fight the PLGA friends.
In addition, a member of the army and a paramilitary from Chhattisgarh's state forces were killed in two separate operations performed by PLGA. A paramilitary wager's service corps was shot to death in his native town bath Tava in Kangs. On February 26, a member of the reactionary forces in Chhattisgarh was killed during one -military surgery. PLGA had previously planted mines in the area, which were triggered by the reactionary forces during their operation, resulting in one of their men being killed.
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/09/indien-nye-aktioner-i-folkekrigen-2/ 
CC PCI (Maoist) declaration against imperialist wars 
Author: maoistroad
Description: COMMUNIST PARTY OF INDIA (MAOIST) Central Committee Press Release 9 March, 2023 Observe 23rd March as an Anti- Imperialist Day. Condemn...
Time: 2023-03-09T04:05:00-08:00
Images: []
COMMUNIST PARTY OF INDIA(MAOIST)Central Committee 
Press Release 9 March, 2023 
Observe 23rd March as an Anti- Imperialist Day. Condemn the Imperialist wars,the loot of natural resources and subjugation of working class and the toilingmasses! 
News Source: https://maoistroad.blogspot.com/2023/03/cc-pci-maoist-declaration-against.html 
PC March 9 - Meloni and the massacre of Cutro migrants a comment 
Author: maoist
Description: It is not the post that is offensive, but the fact that they have the short memory "The silence of Georgia Meloni on the Mediterr tragedy ...
Time: 2023-03-09T06:06:00+01:00
Images: []
It is not the post that is offensive, but the fact that they have short memory
«The silence of Georgia Meloni on the Mediterranean tragedy who cost a laveit of at least 69 migrants is deafening and unbearable. It passed more than an Asettimana from the shipwreck and we have seen nothing but indifference of themelons and inhuman declarations of the Italian Interior Minister. The rudder of the Italian government, Giorgia Meloni has pursued a programming program. His government has made research and rescuein sea more difficult and has introduced more severe rules for NGOs that carry out rescue operations indispensable in the absence of state support. This tragedyconfirm simply a destructive program: those people would have had saved. The Italian government acted until he was too late. It is time for Europe to agree on a more human ex -exemptional approach to research and rescue in the EU and that uses the foundations to save human lives, instead of building walls. We will never accept lacrodelity to allow desperate people to die at sea!».
It is really not clear what there is offensive, or worse than subsequent as an exempio of jackaling: the political group in question simply has simply the behavior of the Italic executive in this event, in which "the inertia"(Third Authorization)Ministricompeuti has led to the loss of life of about seventy people; what should be requested from the socialists and democrats are not absurd, but where they were when instead of the Minister of Internal Affairs Tempore, Matteo planted, sat the self -styled democratic Domenico Lucamarco Minniti, That is, the one who inaugurated the season of rejections to the tides of the agreements with the North African governments who put migrants back into the sharpened handles.
Bosio(Al), 08 Marzo 2023
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-meloni-e-la-strage-dei.html 
PC March 9-An Italian Marxist-Leninist-Legist Manifesto always valid 
Author: maoist
Description: None
Time: 2023-03-09T08:03:00+01:00
Images: [' IMG_9617-1.JPG ']
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-un-manifesto-marxista.html 
PC March 9 - The massacre of migrants - National event 11 March 
Author: maoist
Description: None
Time: 2023-03-09T08:14:00+01:00
Images: [' download.png ']
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-la-strage-dei-migranti.html 
PC March 9 - The killers always return to the crime site - the unchanged advice of ministers in Cutro - "You will pay dear you will pay everything!" 
Author: maoist
Description: Migrants treated as animals!Cynical and obscene attempt to transfer the corpses to Bologna!Imperialism, government of fascists and racists str ...
Time: 2023-03-09T10:00:00+01:00
Images: [' piantedosi-salvini-tajani.jpg ']
 Migrants treated like animals! 
cynical and obscene attempt to transfer the corpses to Bologna! 
Imperialism, government of fascists and racists scream in Parliament, are autoicvolvolvo and prepare to do worse 
We'll give up sooner or later on your coffins! 
A CUTRO SATURDAY - Lungomare at 2.30 pm - To make you hear strong and Chiara Lavo some voices, brutally made to die for the profits of the capital and the reason for the capital that generates monsters to the government! 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-gli-assassini-tornano-sempre.html 
PC March 9: migrants, here's what's in the government DL. Info 
Author: fannyhill
Description: From La Stampa is eight points the decree law to the examination of the Council of Ministers in Cutro. 1. Programming of flows. It is expected, in V ...
Time: 2023-03-09T10:01:00+01:00
Images: []
From La Stampa
The Decree Law on the examination of the Council of Ministers in Cutro is eight points.
2. Semplificazioni nel rilascio al nulla osta al lavoro . Si prevede che,se la Questura non ha segnalato elementi ostativi entro 60 giorni dal clickday, il nulla osta può essere rilasciato. I controlli di solvibilità
del datore del lavoro sono demandati a consulenti del lavoro o ad associazionidi categoria. Sono semplificazioni già applicate ai decreti flussi 2021(Draghi government)e 2022(Meloni government), which are now fully fulfilled. The only difference is the extension from 30 to 60 days of the deadline available to the(gives greater guarantee in terms of security).
4. Prolungamento da 2 a 3 anni della validità del primo rinnovo delpermesso di soggiorno per lavoro autonomo, subordinato e ricongiungimentofamiliare . La misura è motivata da ragioni pratiche: sgravare le questure dapratiche routinarie e semplificare gli oneri per gli stranieri residenti inItalia.
5. Ingresso di lavoratori agricoli e contrasto alle agromafie . Si prevedeuno "scorrimento" delle graduatorie del decreto flussi 2022, nel senso che ledomande di lavoratori stranieri eccedenti le quote di quel decreto in ambitoagricolo sono soddisfatte con priorità attingendo alle quote del decretosuccessivo. In altri termini, nel settore agricolo, i datori di lavoro nondovranno rifare domanda nel nuovo "click day".
6. Possibilità di commissariare i centri per migranti in caso di malagestione 
7. Sanzioni penali contro i trafficanti. Si prevede
- Introduction of a new crime(Death or injury as a consequence of illegal immigration reatids), punished with imprisonment from 20 to 30 years in the event of several people or death of a person and injuries of one or more people, a consequence of transport of people organized in violation of the immigration,; the penalty from 15 to 24 years in the event of a death of 1persona; The sentence from 10 to 20 years in case of serious or very serious injuries to an opiù people. The scheme is modeled on the kidnapping(which provides for penetrates comparable gravity when death is achieved by it).
8. Disposizioni in materia di ricorsi sulla protezione internazionale. Sono norme di dettaglio ispirate da esigenze pratiche (It should be noted that the lengthening of the terms for those who are in non -EU countries apply not only Achi resides in an non -EU country, but also to those who simply find themselves there; The obligation of the validation of the expulsion by the judge Depace, when the expulsion was pronounced by a judge for example asegute of a criminal conviction; In the event of expulsion, the obligation to give notice that, if the interested party does not voluntarily move away in the following 15 days, can be dismissed can be removed coactively).
9. Accelerazione degli appalti per la realizzazione di centri di permanenzaper i rimpatri 
10. Potenziamento della sorveglianza marittima. La Difesa ha proposto unanorma, che prevede la condivisione delle informazioni sulla situazionemarittima (defined and updated by the Navy)and the deicompiti extension of the Navy to the control of fishing in territorial waters Ella area adjacent. Infrastructure and agriculture expressed opposition(The rules attribute to the Navy Tales now attributed to the Coast Guard). Il Ministero dell'interno ha formulato una generale riservapolitica.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-migranti-ecco-cosa-ce-nel-dl.html 
Albacete: "What the State denies, the people build it" 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T11:39:42+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T11:39:42+00:00
Description: Near a dozen members of the Committee, the Assembly and collaborators were for hours executing the first cleaning works, which managed to remove hundreds of kilos of garbage, ...
Images: [' untitled-1.png ', ' image-8.png ', ' image-9.png ', ' image-10.png ', ' image-11.png ', ' image-12.png ']
Type: article
 03/09/2023
Last weekend the settlement assembly together with the Albacete Committee launched the cleaning cleaning campaign that in the previous assembly approved to begin.
Near a dozen members of the Committee, from the Assembly and collaborators, for hours executing the first cleaning works, they called withdraw hundreds of kilos of garbage, rubble and ash that had been summarized for months in the surroundings of the Chabolas.
This work served responded to the total abandonment that for many years has suffered the land and the conditions of lack of health in which hundreds of people over every year.
After the great fire that a few months ago it affected seven shacks and kilos of ash accumulate in the place where they were before.
The activists and volunteers managed to clear up to three different areas of the appliance established on the Las Peñas road, however, there are still many efforts to improve hygiene and the conditions in which the residents of the settlement live.
With gloves, shovels, rakes and capoos in hand, it began with a work that the institutions never raised, that the NGOs do not contemplate and that the seasons of the settlement have not been able to undertake until they have been made and aware of the need to authors. Statoburgués, his misery and his crumbs.
The day passed under the sun on the first weekend of March and concluded preparing and sharing a meal with all the workers who had participated at the beginning of the campaign.
The Albacete Revolutionary Committee deployed a banner claiming the action in which "what the State denies, the locistruye people" could be read, "and indeed, it is. What the Spanish State has denied the migrants who sweat our fields and bleed in ourfronteras are building it today with their hands.
This campaign shares the spirit of the actions for literacy, they were before they had been undertaken within the settlement, where from the Albacete revolutionary committee it has begun to teach and written reading classes according to the different levels of the members of the Assembly.
Thus begins a campaign in the struggle for the authorship of the masses, against imperialism and their misery. Article sent by a collaborator 
     Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/09/albacete-lo-que-el-estado-niega-el-pueblo-lo-construye/ 
[8m] 8m manifesto in Mexico 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T11:49:40+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T11:49:40+00:00
Description: We reproduce the political positioning of the comrades of the popular female movement of Mexico on March 8 of this year 2023
Images: [' image-14.png ']
Type: article
_Reprodu we produce the political positioning of the comrades of the popular female movement of Mexico on March 8 of this year 2023. The linkoriginal is as follows: <https://solrojista.blogspot.com/2023/03/manifiesto-del-8-de -Marzo-en-mexico.html> _
 Popular-Mexico women's movement 
_ “To promote the political emancipation of women, it is the duty of the socialists of all countries to struggle among the masastabrants the aforementioned principles… _ ___ This claim must be explained in relation to the whole issue of women according to the socialist conception. Women's Day must have an international character and must be carefully prepared. ”_
Clara zetkin . Prolamation of International Women's Day(March 8) . Second International Conference of Socialist Women, Copenhague, Denmark, 1919 
To working class women 
To the oppressed women of the countryside and the city 
comrades 
This is the International Women's Day , and for women of Mexico below that we are three times oppressed, first for being women, second for being poor and third for being indigenous, it is a specially important day.
From the monopolies of the bourgeois press we are intended to start this day; We want to "congratulate being women" and we are intended to do in the same sack together with the bourgeois and landowners who offer and exploit our people. We are called "raising our voice" against gender rolles fighting against our fellow men, but we are asked to score with respect to the class roles that have been imposed since the emergence of private property, subjecting us to the parasitic classes in Elpoder.
On the other hand, the USAID and other agencies of imperialism try to decooptar, to paint colors and schedules identified "progress" and postmodernists who promote from the academy and the NGOs(contrainsurgentes). Los clichés del lenguaje inclusivo, el separatismo aultranza y las visiones distópicas e individualistas que nos proponen, sontotalmente ajenas a nuestra defensa de la vida, de la alegría, y del feminismoproletario.
The landowner, the banker's wife, the senator, "La Corcholata", note to be kidnapped and outraged in the streets because they do not walk in our websons; They have cars, drivers and guaruras that take care of them at the expense of Laplusvalía that extract from our workforce.
For the women of the people, the struggle for female emancipation is increasingly linked to the defense of the territory, water, life, health, labor rights, childhoods, etc. as well as the fight for national liberation, for new democracy and socialism that Mexico claims to end the exploitation of humanity.
Therefore from the popular female movement(MFP-Mx)We want to throw a retrospective one - once more - to the origins of this date, in order to define it, to claim it and to lift again the reddish flag the working class with which we have marched since then; Not the flag that imposes the UN, not the green flag that by chance has been for 10 years with a right that capitalism and bourgea All the women.
The red flag and red scarf belong to the women of the town, red as the revolution that we fly! 
Long live on March 8, International Worker Women's Day! 
Proletarian feminism, destroys patriarchy! 
MFP -MX [Editor Note: Popular Women's Movement - Mexico]
March 8, 2023 
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/09/8m-manifiesto-del-8m-en-mexico/ 
E#039; Changes in the IMA methodology are perverse#039;: Interview with Dr. Paulo Horta on the pollution of the beaches of Santa Catarina - The New Democracy 
Author: Comitê de Apoio – Florianópolis (SC)
Description: In Santa Catarina the summer season 2022/2023 began with an environmental and public health crisis due to the fragility of the sewage system. Excessive
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T11:50:00-03:00
Modified Time: None
Updated Time: None
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['contaminação', 'poluição']
Type: article
And interviewed Professor Dr. Paulo Horta on pollution situation due to contamination of the beaches of Santa Catarina. Photo: Reproduction/ndmais
In Santa Catarina the summer season 2022/2023 began with a public and public health crisis due to the fragility of the sewage system. The excess of rainfall has placed the basic sanitation of Florianópolis and other limit, resulting in the contamination of many crashed beaches as unfit for sea bath. The Environment Institute(HAVE)From the state is ahead of the analysis and the bathing reports updated during the weeks of December and January.
Many beaches from the northern island of Florianópolis, one of the main destinosturistic in the summer, were affected by the rains. Still in January, there were some beaches that remained inappropriate for sea bathing and this caused an outbreak of diarrhea in the Santa Catarina capital, due to contamination through a laud that flows into Canasvieiras beach. The Santa Catarina coast, very pond among tourists, suffered from this repercussion of the polluted beaches and poisoning of bathers.
In addition to the health crisis from the perspective of public health, there is the environmental impact caused by these factors. Water contamination directly affects ecosystems and disturbs the balance of the environment. The Turisiamfufreu Baskets sector with the dissemination of bathing reports, as Santa Catarina Olitoral no longer looked like such a viable destination. Due to the essiimpact in the area and fear of higher public losses and profit, the entrepreneurs linked to the tourist sector of Balneário Camboriú pressured the Autorities to change the analysis parameters of the bathing bathing of Santacatarina, a demand that was met by the governor of SC Jorginho Mello(PL).A fim de não afetar o turismo, as autoridades e o empresariado considerarammais vantajoso alterar a metodologia da balneabilidade do que melhorar osistema de saneamento básico do estado para que atenda o povo.
Para entender melhor essas questões que envolvem a balneabilidade e a saúdepública catarinense/de Florianópolis de uma perspectiva mais técnica,conversamos com o professor da Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina (UFSC)EPHD in Biological Sciences and Marine Ecology Paulo Horta to clarify the subject. PROF. Dr. Paulo Horta: - The scenario of lack of bathing in the following factors combining the following factors: First, it is fundamental to a historical lack of basic sanitation in both cities and inland, this element of urban infrastructure, especially, was left For later, no priority was given to Saneamentobasic. In this case, the consequence is that the chronic contamination of different environment is undermining the health of ecosystems, such as mangroves, shellfish [grasses of grams in the coastal region], and of course, undergoing health in and under water: organisms: organisms Filters, organisms that produce chemicals that somehow complied with the conditions necessary to keep our beaches, from the safer, salaries. Then, these local, local deficit conditions, local weaknesses, combined climate change, especially these heat waves and extreme rainfall and more concentrated rainfall, more frequent and more frequent extreme rains, these three fundamental elements that They end up producing the conditions for pathogenic organisms, including those that are indicators of gap, arrive in higher concentration and remain viable time on our beaches. We must look at the scenario as it is, it is complected. And it is the result of this combination, of local problems with climate asmudances.
Support Committee - Florianópolis(SC): - In 2021, a published report by the Trea Brasil Institute demonstrated that only 25.3% of Santa Catarina is accessed to sewage treatment. How have the State Government and of the Santa Catarina city halls dealt with it in recent years and with the relate to the current situation? Support Committee - Florianópolis(SC): - On January 24, it was confirmed by Governor Jorginho Mello(PL)The change in water decoleness methodology to analyze the beaches of the beaches, aiming at greater flints. According to the governor, the change was made not to use cities that depend economically on tourism. Which osimpacts can this change lead to public health and in the bathing beaches of Santa Catarina?
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/as-mudancas-na-metodologia-do-ima-sao-perversas-entrevista-com-dr-paulo-horta-sobre-a-poluicao-das-praias-catarinenses/ 
[8m] Ecuador: Compress of the Popular Women's Movement 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T11:54:16+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T11:54:16+00:00
Description: We reproduce the political positioning of the comrades of the Popular Women's Movement of Ecuador on March 8 of this year 2023.
Images: [' image-15.png ', ' image-16.png ']
Type: article
_Reprodu we produce the political positioning of the comrades of the Popular Movement of Ecuador on March 8 of this year 2023. The linkoriginal is as follows: _ <https://fdlp-ec.blogspot.com/2023/03/viva-la- Woman-Workman-Opressed.html> 
 We commemorate the day of the working woman, exploited, oppressed; Perorebelde, revolutionary, who brings together with man by the transformation of society.
The process of emancipation of women cannot be outside thevolution, of the destruction of all the chains and conditions that Lacolocan in a position of discrimination and exploitation.
In this breast for emancipation, many women assume their responsibilities in the face of the revolution with objectivity and maturity; They deliver everything, until you suspend. Others succumb to the best temptation of bourgeois feminism, dentrampation of the great bourgeoisie that opens the doors to the old-institutionality of the old bourgeois-terraratent state; Not a few remain, such as Guarichas, servile to the bureaucratic road, the delelectorrismo, that of the bourgeoisie by the different nationalities, ethnic groups and all those sectors excluded by semi -feudal and semicolonial society.
What are we a patriarchal country? No, that remained in the past, centuries ago. These exploitation shows evolved into new forms, more elaborate, that are not only in the country that looks for all that is not aligned with their class interests.
Today, by commemorating one more anniversary of the day of the working woman, exploited, but rebel, we greet the workers, peasants, working workers, the whores of the street, the students, to all those who have assumed for themselves the responsibility of Load on your shoulders the other half of the sky to bury every vestige of the old society and build Lanueva democracy, uninterrupted transit to socialism. Long live the working woman, exploited, oppressed, but revolutionary and Digna! 
The true emancipation of exploited and oppressed woman will only be possesible in the course of the revolution under the direction of the proletariat! 
 Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/09/8m-ecuador-comunicado-del-movimiento-femenino-popular/ 
PC March 9 - Unitary manifesto of the struggle in Iran 
Author: maoist
Description: Published by workers against unitary manifesto noble and free people from Iran!On the 44th anniversary of the '79 Revolution, the Strut ...
Time: 2023-03-09T12:50:00+01:00
Images: []
Published by workers against 
Unitary manifesto 
_ Noble and free of Iran!On the 44th anniversary of the '79 revolution, the country's economic, political and social structure fell into such a vortex of Edisgregation crisis that one cannot imagine a clear and achievable perspective can represent a point of arrival within the existing superstructolitics It is also for this reason that the oppressed people of Iran -donne and young people who want freedom and equality - have transformed Lestrade of cities throughout the country in the center of an edecisive historical struggle to end existing inhuman conditions and, for five months, Despite the bloody repression of the government, they have not rested for oneness. The flag of the fundamental protests raised today by women, university students and middle and high schools, teachers, elavourers, by those who struggle for justice, by artists, people, writers and the oppressed people of Iran in general throughout the country , Dalkurdistan at Sistan and Al_According to "oil workers", the manifesto met with attention to other groups and comments: "the institutions and organizations whose appointment listed below wish that the entire company joins alleichieres lifted in this card and have declared that any Actionapolitics in the country with particular attention to this card has legitimacy and acceptability. They also asked their union politicians at all political levels to respect these minimum requests to make the maximum priority for future actions. Organization of the Union of Medici Union youth of the Iranian neighborhoods(Ajma)National Committee of Kurdistan Students Organization of Revolutionary Students of Tehran A group of activists of the Tarbiat Modares University Association of the University of Technology of Isfahan Student Organization of the freedom of the Kharazmi University A group of activists and students of Sanandaj Girls Technical University A group of activists and students of the Yazdan Panah University of Kurdistan A group of activists and students from the University of Kurdistan A group of activists from the JunDishapur University group of AFTAB girls from Urmia revolutionary group of women and young people from Tehransar students of the Nosta University by Babol a group of activists and students of the Beheshti University Establishment of the Student Union of the Province of Tehran Establishment of the Student Movement of the Shahr Quds University Organization of Freedom's Freedom, University of Tehran young people looking for Libe on, Kohgiluyeh and Boyerahmad Organization of Kurdistan women against gender discrimination 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-manifesto-unitario-della.html 
Current of the Red Sol town of Oaxaca: Manifesto of March 8 in Mexico 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: Popular Female Movement-MX “To promote the political emancipation of women, it is the duty of socialist women of all ...
Time: 2023-03-09T15:43:00+01:00
Images: [' Infograf%C3%ADa%208M.png ']
 Popular Female Movement-MX 
_ _
_ "To promote the political emancipation of women, it is the duty of the socialists of all countries to struggle among the masastabrants the aforementioned principles… _ _ This claim must be explained in relation to the whole issue of women according to the socialist conception. Women's Day must have an international character and must be carefully prepared. "
Clara Zetkin 
Prolamation of International Women's Day(March 8) 
Segunda International Conference of Socialist Women, Copenhagen, Denmark, 1919 

To working class women 
To the oppressed women of the countryside and the city 
comrades 
This is the International Women's Day , and for women of Mexico below that we are three times oppressed, first for being women, second for being poor and third for being indigenous, it is a specially important day.
From the monopolies of the bourgeois press we are intended to start this day; We want to "congratulate being women" and we are intended to do in the same sack together with the bourgeois and landowners who offer and exploit our people. We are called to "raise our voice" against gender work fighting against our fellow men, but we are asked to score with respect to the class roles that have been imposed since the emergence of private property, subjecting us to the parasitic classes in Elpoder.
On the other hand, the USAID and other agencies of imperialism try to decooptar, to paint colors and coup bearers identified "progress" and postmodernist couples that promote from the academy and the NGOs(contrainsurgentes). Los clichés del lenguaje inclusivo, el separatismo aultranza y las visiones distópicas e individualistas que nos proponen, sontotalmente ajenas a nuestra defensa de la vida, de la alegría, y del feminismoproletario.
The landowner, the banker's wife, the senator, "La Corcholata", note to be kidnapped and outraged in the streets because they do not walk in our websons; They have cars, drivers and guaruras that take care of them at the expense of Laplusvalía that extract from our workforce.
For the women of the people, the struggle for female emancipation is increasingly linked to the defense of the territory, water, life, health, labor rights, childhoods, etc. as well as the fight for national liberation, for new democracy and socialism that Mexico claims to end the exploitation of humanity.
Therefore from the popular female movement(MFP-Mx)We want to throw a retrospective one - once more - to the origins of this date, in order to define it, to claim it and to lift again the reddish flag the working class with which we have marched since then; Not the flag that imposes the UN, not the green flag that by chance has been for 10 years with a right that capitalism and bourgea All the women.
The red flag and red scarf belong to the women of the town, red as the revolution that we fly! 
Long live on March 8, International Worker Women's Day! 
Proletarian feminism, destroys patriarchy! 
MFP-MX 
March 8, 2023 


News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/03/corriente-del-pueblo-sol-rojo-de-oaxaca.html 
Reports from March 8 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The match committee has shared reports from Oslo, Bergen, Trondheim and Kristiansand, where they have marked the workers' international match day with passwords and slogans against violence against women, against imperialism…
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T16:00:57+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T16:01:49+00:00
Images: [' Foto-34.png ', ' O-fb_r7AKg-v2xdFhbcx3oJwXuFb8GHtArCnIr1Xo1OB8twzeWQFX0W3jkaMY16kbYuGCUZ8AF4Z9XS3MyeTErUrBHmfOUQJ3mvckbwBzQU9FOaKVmXC3jTV2KLg2UarjtewwT7Tx_hBpeI0j8a1XvM ', ' naadqV03RPFsg64PJTfndBjffBXcaFlqw1tt4yGFJURPlXVDIvQpCkp4KbfqzSkYZibtKH0F7B4ue083VfRwgLzkn6FUHoLWz16K3c6dW-p1zpBomFMyMs9eHewb_pGHDMMW_SyErULHk8V30aIsUBw ', ' iKEP6HriY3DrbHGx3ppmdEqypbbrwzLhmfP2pp84LUSLBLh8z-oYiwJSCBb7sdsH0v5s3LOCiRilRXsUxdFaab60pejeRWMO7q0qw7FaRjn7ui6oD9nj-uXDjkK6ooQnL_fjdz9s_GwNuqEYsg_jN9E ', ' SVAp541pGu7G9pAbbaWdRAUokqvHTNQrqJnCSRfrv-krv4tOu1uMBLoFasZqOY_6veSaRHf21_xoiEVGq1toG7jaVNvUfGYuEmUgC0BTUr5CaJDGmawRW_QgF0qrqZ_djLsEG-RCugIGB04zeJkFJN4 ', ' zkFXVRfPfYFN67eSxpmFh2kSNwHohpwdVMnDl8RGyt3EsKbYK9IRlmlxAAXiP6CRG7_qATF1IN5U9qqSBL-Z0GsZVETWTD2s1Zwr2K-sT40OGoGZCwUCcaT1zFnAbizP333ftN6JIKx_Jez8V2AWm2g ', ' wW4kXkXYZ-f7VY9dmxVQzL2fvPNIlIwttiCQAl07vfJom5UoCE9JRN_Bi3hJTz0wp--vv2HOHgklQtZ1j6zYflw_H2zdA_9dtLDpbJHzMj_tqMfcjf3U-rCvC2x7paUupmjn8AQ4hcP8WIWycY3S0ZI ', ' JZ3B-Itp4Vepe8jPG4heF_hSJBSNUh44EKFtN2FqG1wf7mwPVNS7BjsQlKjvXpLl8lFTIpzkfss-Ed3oOPKcF1Z1OyIiaEMa-kRsDfMiCGA6MuAr8VRakbObaywKZHUSw1y5GwsXclekXsS-A2U45tM ', ' jQLQjJ5XnziDwYYa9RB7H-FzOzv3Do1226wYzw3Ypz7_Y6PB4INEColxZm3uCF_piUTjWsK8IYByf3vnG5RhooUyaGzdTpqfFa08XaA6euu7QhcCiXT8yxQTu44UIwNqnq0QaHDH39C1AHxVQjQap64 ', ' F8mFTR4WE1akBu-83HGcogPVDs5Ln-i346SWQLEbowwhiA8rQfyLjsQF-5DJJ8nxwlg8k49jD3HZ53OPeOt-VgNoDAvw-4pGCHkshz7WIpEnkwmY-Dkd3PSk7eNDvUz2E2UR18jVmozmERsPGK_xAWY ', ' DCMerDgwiwaMX-B5i_t8z7vOfMJQHoCHgwGtA1j-gaVv9wwSGFbd9kchJDOhGxq39ZWBaSP21vegHEUWxdiLqZx3AV_eKIMUfg5IXe1CgLr4wRMMJzYjdWJaC6rln80Uc9wtqNDoA0N_ToALPxchT5M ', ' 2ckiKe6seZip2oknZtOKo69p3bp7VG-nvnK3Ex2hgRHVSO8mOvS-Pq4AD4XfTNNeBsgU5Ht4aX8BarY6P3j2Q611_8XT1w0Ux6jSfwucmeTb6k5ugidrnLQOeL8EmBjnmdU39z5IsyI6Gj6eDztEHPM ', ' Zbz5b_3QKBd64xsUbdLQC-Fa0tBB4GuJKwGmOKQg_--GsoAdW1VQ7Nn3Ot-Amsk4CbcBGafYpGX7MesOrwhsT9DcDlZFf37zR_NZKXUdI890AIUrnVRlgwnnCHXo2icsY1okCB_i2hjpp-TAWycX_KU ', ' ANu8z2cTcIE3g-gznCbL4EQB0tjTolC92gGCV-BqG5OaTi3ihOfGNJn48bROUji_FxIYCob-XGPaYlHm9zMyw7N2YAbuvHbOGlJ_d_Vmxf3FacrbZYbxQToRwH6OKhSXSjxOjC-SLNh0PHXShwIajF0 ', ' VHTvZjC6djXG9egidB7s7MgAkBMU-q8wDQVTsfnqIhzCV1Rkod0wF7WSmCGotXVQRXTVAoxTscv3Ql6T-KfJwCggmF4wnPWEMkzBeLoNKUnIqPAB4F0Sm8TPXp7zrol71KOK3EVQ--AVcauFVUJF9YY ', ' MZ1PK3Ba-m2P27pNhc-G_76WgHb83BmJgMkm0Wzt5M69fcAz5WE9Eg5T1nQqJRYKmPtcXYtxZL7EjGhfIUcRZwAfeZR01Ij0Ct4n4ULYIrSGa17YP-L6zH03Q6suZQG91Nn-iRcQoDC9BXEFuRx3Jjk ', ' Dlby5DCBlLJ3xQR1lrPgE-ih7Ry2wjYHRwUpd-G6R766MvMp7mO_iBjMpcl1GzLoGAiLmFdb_H4WQx9-VgBgH99Zv9xvue8915aJEC_BPfLCPgD59foc8QXwiUiuHWLBnFgHFtdlXU3lgHbRsudJ_4w ', ' QDY7p8u23EBS00oK2RARmzPpBx8WKqWGWeMLE4tz8MRHVA9Gz_ECTfyN6TxP1oTdaGjVM8GVeXWXdH_E_TNm6ebP1ImQ7KBQV-vUF9NKZ9V9SrLqJgviQYvmhMU2FCv6xDVD47degJuBX-ln6n8U5js ', ' AWLs4dakBmNOaEJup_Umdesvyhtmt9BZBLFbNAOwMX2gIYYZ6mK866wH9quomp4cV7nCVtKJ5wISWyQjtEHgOr25kTvhXICLHI3okH46gZ0egXpRRe4lVHiM8IkYFBs8PW3RxoRsczX7H7rAtrlEUsw ', ' Cu0qdoFn9Y1H5LqwT_pL3VKM3jxyvydPPHHJmcuAlwPDx-rfcgMrXKb8sM-s-0qLSE54wVP1ifVOFIcKwZPBZhrb16l5xwPfT15rE9K-OcTAcNta9-xJtCGSLSP1atJex7lYFAr1MmftIweM23zW120 ', ' JiOTopJzhSoSdzvisSuJWOXC_k-D9LNIp63_5gL5tvfcUX_tYcUzVsycdWC93iLmaJ84YhUZvW7X-DJ3fdY3rMrUBrS-AzlURyGVzZex4o5DYVqtcwqlwn6kNVqt1PeJ9RowsqZqkXBUWeVdw4V--48 ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Aktiviteter'
 The Fighting Committee has shared reports from Oslo, Bergen, Trondheim and Kristiansand, where they have marked the working women's international fighting day with paroles and teams against violence against women, against imperialism and for a class line Ikvinen movement. The activists have participated in the March 8 train, had different markings and distributed The joint Nordic call . 
Contents
oslo 
The fighting committee in Oslo has marked March 8, the working women's international match day, along with a number of other organizations. The marking was carried out in a great way, with appeals and slogans, and there was both a self-emoning as well as a common block in the March 8 train, where over 50 people participated.
    
Bergen 
The match committee participated in the March 8 mark at Torgallmenningen under the slogan "Fight violence against women!". Behind the slogan, slogans were shouted like "wave for wave, battle for stroke, against imperialism and patriarchy!".
Later, a mark was conducted at the blue stone, under the same parole, where an appeal from the combat committee gave a speech against violence against women. More passing passers -by stopped to listen to the appeal and outlaws were divided.
On the same evening, "MIFF" held a meeting for Israel. At the meeting, Richardkemp, a former officer in the British army, spoke part of the British cooking forces first in Ireland and later in Afghanistan.
  Later, a mark was conducted at the blue stone, under the same parole, where an appeal from the combat committee gave a speech against violence against women.
Several passersby stopped to listen to the appeal and outlet notes were shared.
 
Trondheim 
In Trondheim, activists from the match committee marked the Working Women's International Fight Day under the Parols "Out on the street March 8 - for a class line women's movement!" And "fight violence against women!" First, the match committee organized a mark in a pedestrian street in the center of Trondheim, with appeal, red flags and posters. This mark was held under the slogan "Out on the street on March 8 - for a class line in the women's movement!" In the aftermath of the appeal, the activists handed out flyers with the joint Nordic call.
   
     
kristiansand 
The match committee participated in the March 8 train with the banner "Fighting violence against women". More individuals joined Parola, and slogans were shouted like "slopes, crushed the patriarchy", "wave for wave, battle for imperialism and patriarchy" , "Strengthen international solidarity," and "woman, life freedom". Music students played on the train and there was a singing song of "We must Höjavåra Röster" and "Jag Ropar".
The match committee has also participated in the 8th Mars Committee's work on the 8th March program train to create this year's main parole "Woman Life Freedom", and participated after the train at an event focusing on international solidarity, but panel conversations, appeals and Palestinian dance, and at a concert with a concert Tired elite. Reference Reports from March 8 - The Fighting Committee 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/09/rapporter-fra-8-mars/ 
PC March 9: A picture of 8 March Strike of women of the Slai Cobas workers and revolutionary proletarian feminist movement 1 
Author: maoist
Description: Taranto The women's strike in Taranto was organized directly by the women's working women Cobas, USB and the FE movement ...
Time: 2023-03-09T16:08:00+01:00
Images: [' 2.jpg ', ' 5.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_105433.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_091219.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_084652.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_091834.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_105452.jpg ', ' collettiva.jpeg ', ' bandiera%20mfpr.jpeg ', ' Aborto%20.jpg ', ' migranti.jpeg ', ' TUTTA%20LA%20VITA%20DEVE%20CAMBIARE.jpg ', ' studenti.jpg ', ' no%20Muos%202.jpg ', ' no%20muos.jpeg ', ' Combattenti.jpg ', ' ars%20arrivo.jpg ', ' ars%202.jpeg ', ' ars%203%20do.jpg ', ' operatrice%20sanita%CC%80.jpg ', ' Ville.jpg ']
Taranto  
 
 
 The women's strike in Taranto was organized directly by the women's women of the Slai Cobas, USB and by the proletarious feminist movement.
They were mainly the cleaning and auxiliary workers, in struggle the precariousness, the miserable wages, the increase in workloads to be done very few hours, the defense of health, to "take the scene" with a one that blocked the service in all the asiles of the city; To them they united, the workers of the pilgrims teva contract - for the first time of the factory on strike in March 8, who just after the day struggle conquered a better contract for the hours for which the workers Cobas had joined the months precedents - and other workers of other work.This year it was the workers who took the women's strike in their hands, bringing new creativity and ideas, and holding the flags of themfpr, not only materially but above all ideologically. In the struggle all the claims and solidarity also entered the hips - with the women of Iran at the song of "Bella Ciao", the migrantimorte on our coasts; as well as the fight against femicides and violence, with a strong and clear message 'all life must change!' On ramparous places, in homes, in society.
Telephone connections with other realities on strike, in particular the Opera of the Beretta di Trezzo, the workers of Palermo of the cooperatives, because the unit of women/female workers is an important value to make their strength weighed.
The working women were joined by a significant contingent of students of the FGC students who were compact in the square with the workers, having a bridge between present and future.
 The day of March 8 had begun early in the morning, with a tour of the Slai Cobas workers in many kindergartens, both for the success of the strike and to give flyers, talk to lemadri, the parents of the children, so that they are at their side so that their lorolotta It also serves to improve the service.
 Poisi have gone to the town square. But here the workers with their companion MFPR wanted to make a combative entrance. With signs made by everylavorator, flags, megaphone, whistles made a short procession on the swivelon. So a long garrison under the municipality with interventions, many slogans, one of all: 'The struggle is hard and is not afraid!'.
 During the garrison, the councilor who is dealing with their dispute has had to be due for a long time, "surrounded" by the workers who said Chela struggle will continue, with other strikes because there are actual results
The beautiful day continued in the evening with a meeting at the Slaicobas headquarters, on the slogan: "We celebrate our March 8 of fighting making the" party "to them ...". A moment of discussion and reflection of the need to increase and make the struggle of women stronger, today against the governmental of Meloni at the service of the masters and the imperialist war; this together with the ideal connection with our sisters in struggle deglialtri countries, through Even videos, songs, and of understanding, through even the brochures of the MFPR, that a new world is possible if and when women the proletarian revolution bringing in it and in the new society of their extra march and all their bi/dreams of liberation.
_palermo _ 
On strike and fighting on 8 March in Palermo the precarious social coops of the school, pensioners, unemployed, the companions of the MFPR.
The first sit-in was made in Piazza Pretoria/Municipality with banners, panels, flags, diffusion of the platform of the strike, the appeal of the social coop social and the MFPR sheet towards many women, young people who approached, photographed the signs, So to students and students who are solidarized with the workers. Constant megaponage and slogans forgive all the condition of double oppression of the majority of the working workers, proletarian in this social system, attacked every day and increasingly heavy by the government, today the black Meloni government, daedadroni, from this bourgeois state.
 
 
 
 
 Beautiful active and solidarity presence of companions and companions of the Noguerra Assembly and the No Muos Committee of Palermo
 Intervention of the Shareholders' Meeting No War and No Muos Palermo Committee
 In units with workers, workers, precarious, women on strike and fighting other cities and jobs.
 The day of strike and struggle continued in Palermo with a new sit-all Palazzo of the Sicilian Parliament -ars, where the precarious coops, workers elees, came to improvise a fighting mini-body that was in the crowded square of workers and precarious workers OSS and TECHNICIDELLA Healthcare in the event, taken during the outbreak of Covid now bound all outside and without work, while hospitals are increasingly alospanding.
Strong and beautiful exchange of solidarity, with applause and then slogans and comiziins together with our megaphone with the many operators in particular to Cuia we gave the flyer.
Video of the mini-body
 One solution, stabilization!
 
 
 
You will pay it!
 The beautiful solidarity final greeting of the precarious coops, who also obtained a meeting with the vice-president of the Ars for next week, allegations and to the precarious health care
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-taranto-le-lavoratrici-in.html 
Hercules Gomes presents & quot; Aunt Amelia & Quot; - Thursdays with piano - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: Thursday, 03/09, at 21h, the pianist and composer Hercules Gomes holds the Live Special show Aunt Amelia, tribute to pianist and songwriter Amélia Brandão
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T16:45:52-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T16:46:30-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-09T16:46:30-03:00
Images: []
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Agenda Cultural', 'compositor', 'Hercules Gomes', 'live show', 'pianista', 'Quintas com Piano', 'Youtube']
Type: article
Thursday, 03/09, at 21h, the pianist and composer HERCULES GOMES performs the live show special Aunt Amelia , tribute to the pianist ecompositor Amelia Brandão Nery (1897 - 1983), known as Tiaamelia . The event is part of your weekly Lives project Quintas Compiano , broadcast through your YouTube channel.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/hercules-gomes-apresenta-especial-tia-amelia-quintas-com-piano/ 
Dani Câmara at the center of Carioca Artur da Távola - Sara Hana special participation - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: Thursday, 03/09, at 19h, the singer, songwriter, actress, director and cultural manager Dani Câmara performs a show at the center of the music of Rio Artur da
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T17:13:21-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T17:13:24-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-09T17:13:24-03:00
Images: []
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Agenda Cultural', 'atriz', 'cantora', 'Centro Música Carioca Artur Távola', 'compositora', 'Dani Câmara', 'diretora', 'gestora cultural', 'Sara Hana', 'show Firmeza']
Type: article
Photo: Disclosure of the event
Thursday, 03/09, at 19h, the singer, songwriter, actress, director and management Dani Câmara performs a show in Center of Carioca Music Arturda Távola , in Rio. Special participation of Sara Hana . "PentAndocantos, we light the Flame of the Meeting through copyright and already consistent songs. We signed a point to celebrate, Woman!Dani Câmara, Crea de Angrados Reis/ RJ, sings and composes in the universe of Afro-Brazilian music, MPB and Jazz . Your lyrics and melodies talk about affection, ancestry and emphasis. It's been 10 years in the field of multilingual people creating about the refinement of echoing voice and giving vent to dialogues that cross your pretane world. Sara Hana is an expanding artist; Northern Riodes January. His artistic expression includes multiple languages, acting as an intrior-creator in various music, dance, theater, ecinema projects. Recently received the nomination of best actress on role protagonist in 'the girl with a hole in hand' by the award ' CBTIJ for theater for children. He is currently working on the development of his authorial music project, "the Center announces.
Show Address: 823 Conde de Bonfim Street, Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro/RJ.
Tickets: 30(thirty reais)- Sales directly at the box office
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/dani-camara-no-centro-da-musica-carioca-artur-da-tavola-participacao-especial-de-sara-hana/ 
RJ: Jacarezinho residents demand housing after 12 years of eviction - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: Residents of the Jacarezinho community, in the North Zone of Rio, held a demonstration in front of the Laranjeiras Palace, headquarters of the reactionary governor Claudio Castro (PL)
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T17:18:52-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-09T17:18:56-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-09T17:18:56-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['Luta Classista', 'protesto de moradores']
Type: article
Jacarezinho residents demand housing after 12 years of government promises. Photo: Camila Araújo
Residents of the Jacarezinho Community, in the North Zone of Rio, made a manifestation in front of the Laranjeiras Palace, headquarters of the reactionary governor Castro(PL), on March 7th. They have required promised houses for 12 years, government after government, after a dump of 1,400 people claiming "residence at a risk place."
Disgusted against the situation, residents sang We wanted home! And they and laid posters printed with photos of the professional politicians of Rio de Janeiro who promised to meet the claim in common visits in various governments. Rejecting the electoral opportunism, Osmoers carried the images of events and meetings promoted in and Forado Community, photos of professional politicians with community residents, among others.
Residents also report 12 years receiving social rental at $ 400. As a result, families had to merit in other places at risk. Dona Gilvanice Lourenço, 61, that sohoje rents a kitchenette on Rio Street in the community of Jacarezinho, said: “Whenever it rains, the street fills. In the rain last month, I lost my furniture, my refrigerator and my stove, because the water invaded my little house. With OalUguel Social I can't afford a safer place. I'm waiting for these years all for a decent housing. No more, ”in an interview with the Extra Press Domonopoly newspaper.
From young children to elderly people aged up to 80, they denounced that they live tiny and overcrowded, still in places of risky incommunity after eviction. Many of the affected are parents of families and mothersolides who bear alone with values higher than social rent.
Jacarezinho residents were dumped during the government of Luizfernando Pezão(2014-2018), amid the works of the Docresção Acceleration Program(PAC)And since then they have received promises from all ways.
“The last promise is that the Secretary of Works was there in our community, on the court, and promised us who had the money to do, they had the machinery and everything. It was only promise, really mouth, which we are still in this fight. There were people who have already died, ”said one with the Globo reactionary press monopoly.Claudio Castro, in May 2022, promised that the works of the apartments would be able to start in November: "The first 740 units begin to be built this year. It is my commitment to you," said the reactionary.
A resident interviewed by the Globo reactionary monopoly in the demonstration has questioned: “What do we have to do? Just live in the promise? How long will you have to die [waiting] to have decent housing? How long would we live like this?
After the protest, only one resident could meet with some state representative in the Laranjeiras Palace. It was reported that “four projects are in the development phase by the Secretariat of Housing and Interests. Some of them await licensing with the Rio de Janeiro City Hall. ”
Residents, however, no longer believe in the governors' promises: "It is hard to believe, because how long has it been? , join with the social rent with another R $ 150 for EuPoder to pay my rent, which I live and my two children, "said Leandrapacheco, day care assistant.
Tragedy reprint 
Governor Claudio Castro, through the “Integrated City” program, initiated 2022, seeks, again, to dump about 800 families in a “at -risk”, once again promises to build housing. The affected families can keep their homes, barring the eviction hitherto.
In addition to the attempt to demolish the houses of 800 families to allegedly focus on the state of Rio promised other dozen doctors of the residents of Jacarezinho, using this overshadow, non-public, the occupation of the community by more emilitar civil police, besides the Pacifying Police Unit(Up)Already installed at the 2013 place. On May 6, 2021, the Civil Police and Militar Police ran 29 people in Jacarezinho, in the most lethal slaughter in the city.
It was promised to build a sports space, a health unit and a park for residents, as well as urbanization works ecanalization of the Salgado and Jacaré rivers. None of these constructions has been filed.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-moradores-do-jacarezinho-exigem-moradia-apos-12-anos-de-despejo/ 
Taranto The workers on strike animate a fighting March 8th 
Author: fannyhill
Description: The women's strike in Taranto was organized directly by the working women of the Slai Cobas, USB and the feminist movement ...
Time: 2023-03-09T17:32:00+01:00
Images: [' 2.jpg ', ' 5.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_105433.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_091219.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_084652.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_091834.jpg ', ' IMG_20230308_105452.jpg ']
 
 
 
 The women's strike in Taranto was organized directly by the women's women of the Slai Cobas, USB and by the proletarious feminist movement.
They were mainly the cleaning and auxiliary workers, in struggle the precariousness, the miserable wages, the increase in workloads to be done very few hours, the defense of health, to "take the scene" with a one that blocked the service in all the asiles of the city; To them they united, the workers of the pilgrims teva contract - for the first time of the factory on strike in March 8, who just after the day struggle conquered a better contract for the hours for which the workers Cobas had joined the months precedents - and other workers of other work.This year it was the workers who took the women's strike in their hands, bringing new creativity and ideas, and holding the flags of themfpr, not only materially but above all ideologically. In the struggle all the claims and solidarity also entered the hips - with the women of Iran at the song of "Bella Ciao", the migrantimorte on our coasts; as well as the fight against femicides and violence, with a strong and clear message 'all life must change!' On ramparous places, in homes, in society.
Telephone connections with other realities on strike, in particular the Opera of the Beretta di Trezzo, the workers of Palermo of the cooperatives, because the unit of women/female workers is an important value to make their strength weighed.
The working women were joined by a significant contingent of students of the FGC students who were compact in the square with the workers, having a bridge between present and future.
 The day of March 8 had begun early in the morning, with a tour of the Slai Cobas workers in many kindergartens, both for the success of the strike and to give flyers, talk to lemadri, the parents of the children, so that they are at their side so that their lorolotta It also serves to improve the service.
 Poisi have gone to the town square. But here the workers with their companion MFPR wanted to make a combative entrance. With signs made by everylavorator, flags, megaphone, whistles made a short procession on the swivelon. So a long garrison under the municipality with interventions, many slogans, one of all: 'The struggle is hard and is not afraid!'.
 During the garrison, the councilor who is dealing with their dispute has had to be due for a long time, "surrounded" by the workers who said Chela struggle will continue, with other strikes because there are actual results
The beautiful day continued in the evening with a meeting at the Slaicobas headquarters, on the slogan: "We celebrate our March 8 of fighting making the" party "to them ...". A moment of discussion and reflection of the need to increase and make the struggle of women stronger, today against the governmental of Meloni at the service of the masters and the imperialist war; this together with the ideal connection with our sisters in struggle deglialtri countries, through Even videos, songs, and of understanding, through even the brochures of the MFPR, that a new world is possible if and when women the proletarian revolution bringing in it and in the new society of their extra march and all their bi/dreams of liberation.
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/03/taranto-le-lavoratrici-in-sciopero.html 
Ecuador: Long live the working woman, suppressed, exploited, but rebellious and committed to the revolution! 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-09T17:37:33+00:00
Images: [' Ecuador_ES_LEBE_DIE_ARBEITENDE_FRAU_UNTERDRÜCKT_AUSGEBEUTET_ABER_REBELLISCH_UND_DER_REVOLUTION_VERPFLICHTET-1.png ', ' Ecuador_ES_LEBE_DIE_ARBEITENDE_FRAU_UNTERDRÜCKT_AUSGEBEUTET_ABER_REBELLISCH_UND_DER_REVOLUTION_VERPFLICHTET-2.png ']
Tags: None
Category: None
 We publish an unofficial translation of a explanation of the Movimentofemenino Popular del Ecuador on the occasion of the International Frauenkampftag. 
We commit the day of the working, exploited, negative, aborturous, revolutionary wife who, together with the men, fights for the dierevolutionaries of society.
The process of women's emancipation cannot take place without the revolution, without the destruction of all chains and conditions that women bring into the focus of discrimination and exploitation.
In this struggle for emancipation, many women take their responsibility for the revolution with objectivity and maturity; They give everything up, even their life. Others succumb to the best temptation of burger feminism, the proof of the Großbourgeoisie, which open the Turen's old institutionalism of the ancient Burgerliche Gownsist; quite a few remain in a revolutionary discourse, but basically taken in a revolutionary discourse, but basically Vipers who are willing to bomb, bomb, non -neur from women, but by the various nationality, ethnic groups and all those sectors that are excluded from the semi -Feudal and half -colonial society.
That we are a patriarchal country, no, the past is the past, for centuries. These forms of exploitation have developed, more sophisticated forms that are not only anchored in the economic structure of the country, but also in the elementary scenarios, which are typical of the semi -Feudalism, which not only restricts the development and participation in the economic and political life of the state , but also looks down on everything that is not right with his class interests.Likewise, we express a deep class hatred against those who are who, like Malinche, Tiban, Atamaint, Rojas and that union accumulator, to stand on the side of the bosses, on the side of working women and men, who entirely their lives dedicate to the noble Sacheder Revolution.
Long live the working woman, exploited, subjected to it, but with a revolutionary and dignity! 
The real emancipation of the exploited and supposed wife becomes possible in the course of the revolution under the leadership of the proletariat! 
 
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-international/7531-ecuador-es-lebe-die-arbeitende-frau-unterdrueckt-ausgebeutet-aber-rebellisch-und-der-revolution-verpflichtet 
PC March 9 - Work training on "Imperialist war and proletarians" - Ukraine: it is a war between bandits 
Author: fannyhill
Description: We had said in the latest worker training of 23 February, in which we resumed some quotes from Lenin of the text: socialism and ...
Time: 2023-03-09T17:49:00+01:00
Images: [' imagescms-image-000296826-625x980-1.jpg ']
We had said in the latest worker training of 23 February, in which some quotes from Lenin of the text is paired: socialism and war, which we would be commented in the next appointment, and this is what we will begin by suffering now, looking at the imperialist Inter war in Course in Ukraine. 
 There is no doubt if you look at the current Ukrainian or if you analyze the political economic wool of this country that the forces related to Zelensky do not engage in a national liberation struggle with respect to an invasion to a policy that perfectly corresponds to the Leninist definition Distrazilcasciovinism.
The Zelensky regime is the regime of the great Ukrainian capitalists Edel'oligarchy financial oligarchy who aspires to be part of the Europeimperialist and is ally and in the front line of the war plans of US/NATO imperialism.
In this sense, the "defense of the homeland" of which Zelensky speaks was, the oppression and exploitation of workers and popular masses and full domain in Ukrainian of the US multinationals/Europe would be exacerbated.
For this reason, all those who carry out right -wing arguments, which are also particularly with the support of the Ukrainian military military component; and "left" arguments, hide and put silencer to the class struggle in Ukraine and approve all types of diamesses that the Ukrainian army receives from the imperialists and are the inappropriate point of the so -called "resistance", however increasingly trained and guided also directly by the forces US/NATO Armies.
That of Ukraine is not a "defense of the homeland" from oppression, it foreign a taking part in the front line in an Inter imperialist clash perinterpose person who would keep the foreign oppression on the Comested Ukraine and would lead Ukrainian to be an integral part of the preparations Diguerra world imperialist and the chain of oppression of peoples in themondo. The trend of the war is demonstrating precisely this, from any side you see.The capitalist restoration in Russia for a long time, far from the diverfforzato the Russian economy has weakened it in the world imperialist system, of which the dissolution of the USSR was the main effect.
This has gradually brought the capitalist bourgeois of the Eastern countries that fully resumed power to detach from the economic power to Guidariassia and to bind to the system and the USA/Europe imperialist block.
This economic weakening paid a military weakening Chenon has canceled the character of superpower but the weakest and most mined surrender.
This triggered the appetites of US imperialism and imperialistieuropian who marched for forced stages towards an aggressive policy and a new distribution of the world. In this sense, the Russian invasion is a "defensive" military action. This has a classic scenario that is correctly analyzed by Lenin Negliscript on the war we are dealing with.
So who can deny that it is a "war between bandits"? Whoever the Neganel Campi dei Communisti assumes, whether he wants it or not, a character similar to the false false socialists, false communists who at the time of war are Ilbersaglio of Lenin's writing.
What does those who support the Ukraine of Zelensky does not "justify and put in fat light the governments and the bourgeois of one of the groups of belligerent powers"(Lenin). O sono del tipo di quei socialisti di tutte le potenze belligerantiche riconoscono - chi all'Ucraina, chi alla Russia considerata nonimperialista - lo stesso diritto di "difendere la patria".
I comunisti, ieri come oggi, sono quelli che con Lenin sostengono il"Manifesto di Basilea" che dichiara apertamente "nessun interesse del popolopuò giustificare una simile guerra condotta per i profitti dei capitalisti e avantaggio delle dinastie (Today we would say about the oligarchie)On the ground of the imperialist robbery of the great powers ". So today's Communists are with Lenin only if supporters of proletarian and civil war in all current country, both directly and indirectly, as is the case of the Italianimperialist so far.It is exactly the opposite of what they are a significant part of the groups in our country and in the world they define themselves in Marxist leninist communists and some cases even in the leninist Marxists Maoisti. In reality, it is \ - says Lenin - "of open betrayal of socialism and dormantism" to which Lenin reminds at the end of the passage of the writing that Marx's Laation is only one: "The workers have no home" and that "this isl ' era of the socialist revolution ".

News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-formazione-operaia-su-guerra.html 
March 8, 2023 in Bremerhaven 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-09T18:23:48+00:00
Images: [' 2023BHV8März-2.jpg ', ' 2023BHV8März-1.jpg ', ' 2023HB8März-Banner.JPG ']
Tags: ['8. März', 'Rotes Frauenkomitee', 'Bremerhaven', 'Internationaler Frauenkampftag', 'Antimilitarismus']
Category: None
 On this year, the Bremen Red Mademy Committee mobilized for a demonstration in the Bremerhaven Goethe district of the slogan "Women fights and defends you!
Despite the previous police threats, a campaign-like train with participants from Bremerhaven-Lehe, who also denounced loudly dieiMPerialist aggression against Ukraine. The slogans were recorded and called by the people from the district. In particular, the role of the port was denounced as a shooting writer with difficult military transportation of the Yankees into Ukraine and with the slogan "No militar transport over Bremerhaven!" answered.
 Furthermore, we want to share a picture of a banner campaign outdoors-blockdiek at this point.
 
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7534-8-maerz-2023-in-bremerhaven 
Ikf: We share the pain with the people from all nations that have lost their lives as a result of the earthquake in Turkey, Rojava and northern Syria! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-09T89:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['Danish', 'Other Languages']
 
ID: We share the pain with the people from all nations that have lost their lives of the earthquake in Turkey, Rojava and northern Syria! 
Early in the morning of February 6 at 1 p.m. 04.17 an earthquake took place Ipazarcık/Maraş with a force of 7.7, immediately followed by a second -earthquake with a force of 7.6 in Elbistan/Maraş at. 13.24. With these earthquakes there are a major disaster and destruction in Antakya, Osmaniye, Antep, Urfa, Amed, Malatya, Kilis, Adıyaman, Adana, Rojava and Northern Syria.
In addition to the earthquake disaster and its extent of devastation, there was spread information that due to the winter season, the cold weather conditions the irregli, the poor people negatively affect, thousands of people lost their lives, many are still under rubble, and tens of thousands of them were injured. But when you look at those who were back under the rubble, it is clear that there are speech about tens of thousands of victims, hundreds of thousands of wounded and a great destruction.The earthquake is, of course, a natural disaster, but it is certainly non -nature that it causes such serious destruction, for these destruction a product of the greedy ruling classes' utilization system, which depends deeply on imperialism. The policies of building and abrasive, plundering nature, exploiting people and focusing on creating more profits to create more profit has led to major disasters the form of the humanity to this day. The only thing that can best protect and secure people and all living beings is the revolutionary line that aims to counteract the exploitation system and private property to build its socialist system, communism.
It has been shown how weak and fragile the economic system and dentire ruling class and state's infrastructure is by virtue of their addiction of imperialism. The fascist state devotes large budgetary to the population, to hostility to the Kurdish nation and the suppressed people, to the state's oppression mechanisms and to a one -defense system that is worthy of NATO [North Atlantic Treaty Organization. With this structure it has not refrained from feeding the masses with chauvinism and propaganda for "the great state", "the great leader" and "the world state". All its weaknesses have been revealed. What is more important, it has shown that the state has nothing to give to people interests, that it is unable to make any investments and are unable to take any measures in this regard. Det functions as a ruthless gear that will exploit the people even more, bring it into even more poverty and drown it in even more blood and wander.The earthquake disaster once again showed how much the people need for organization and revolution. As always, it is the people who are the biggest victims of disasters. The people are in great pain and suffering. They are exposed to severe massacers and are driven out in even more hunger and poverty. This is situationed to the public as 'fate'. However, the fate of the people lies in the struggle for liberation. Of course, the people must achieve an awareness, a single organization and a political program that will determine its own destiny. Only in this way is salvation possible. An even stronger organization and a more conscious action are crucial to the liberation of the people.
The earthquake disaster and its aftermaths revealed some of the nutrients of the Turkish Revolution. There is an urgent need of the insert. But more importantly, the question of which way Revolutionary has to go and what way the organized path of the people should go. The only and true way of removing this system, which is rotten and is only a paper tiger, the People's War. A revolutionary struggle that is not based on weapons and violence will tap the power and authority of the masses. To remove the people's helplessness and change the situation of waiting for a savior and being doomed to wait, way organize and fight the way of the folk war under the leadership of TKP/ML. The takeover, which will be fought step by step through the People's Democratic Revolution until the acquisition of all power, will mean the full and final liberation of the people.
We, as the International Communist Federation [ikf], share the pain of dementia of all nationalities who lost their lives in the earthquakes in Turkey, Kurdistan and Syria, and organize the solidarity of the people to heal the wounds of hostite thousands of families struggling with poverty and misery, and believes that the authority of the people should now be built up in place of the authority of the state.
We encourage all progressive, revolutionary, democratic and anti -imperialist sections to act in the internationalist spirit and strengthen the suppressed solidarity and struggle!
The International Communist Federation stands by the oppressed Turkish, Kurdish, Arab and other peoples' oppressed nationalities, which became victims of the earthquake.
08 . February 2023
International Communist Association
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/09/ikf-vi-deler-smerten-med-folket-fra-alle-nationer-der-har-mistet-livet-som-folge-af-jordskaelvet-i-tyrkiet-rojava-og-det-nordlige-syrien/ 
New Woman Vienna: „ The peoples of the world will be liberated by the struggle of women “ 
Author: ['muhabirhasan']
Time: 2023-03-09T91:00:00-04:00
Description: Vienna | 09.03.2023 | The double exploitation of women's labor, the usurpation of acquired rights, social c ...
Images: [' vi5-620x330.jpg ', ' vi-300x225.jpg ', ' vi1-225x300.jpg ', ' vi3-225x300.jpg ', ' vi4-300x225.jpg ', ' vi5-300x225.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Vienna | 09.03.2023 | The rally and march were held in Vienna under the leadership of women against the patriarchal capitalist-imperialist order, up to the double exploitation of women's labor, the usurpation of the acquired people, the gender pressure, the rape, harassment and hate murders towards Hate murders for LGBTI+ individuals.
In the explanations; For women, you have not been for war policies, which mean more poverty, misery, violence, massacre, migration. Instead, it was emphasized to implement political, education and gender equality. Signs, violence and harassment applied to women and LGBTI+LGBTI+LGBTI+should be terminated, and the working life and environment should be provided between the sexes and shouting their demands in their vianasocaks by saying that they should be provided to the vianasocaks, and the women's strong slogans together were terminated.
 
 
 
 
 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/yeni-kadin-viyana-duenya-halklari-kadinlarin-muecadelesiyle-oezguerlesecek 
Against imperialist aggression, raise the folk tab high! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-09T91:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['Danish']
 Proletars in all countries, unite! 
Against Imperialist Aggression, raise the Folk's tab high! 
Per. This February 24, the Russian Aggression War against Ukraine has lasted in one year. This unjust war has created hundreds of thousands of dead and wounded and millions of refugees. Through the heroic defense of their homeland of Detucrainian people, despite their national traitor regime led by Yankee-Lakajenzelenskyj, the Russian aggressor has not been able to complete his war targets.
The coincidence of a number of contradictions and interests currently in Ukraine has caused great confusion among some communist and generally anti -imperialist forces, and some even seem to believe that we are standing on the rim of a new world war. Therefore, it is necessary to establish a clarification on behalf of the International Communist Association.
The main courage is the one between Ukraine, a country suppressed by imperialism, and Russia, an imperialist country. Regardless of the class character of the Ukrainian regime and its service by other imperialist powers, mainly Yankee imperialism, any doubt on this point will lead to denying Ukrainian law to independence and national sovereignty, and therefore, at least indirectly, to support the interests of Russian imperialism.It is contingent on these external contradictions that the Ukrainian Nation's inbods unfold. The Zelenskyj regime is in acute contradiction to the overwhelming majority of the interests of the Ukrainian people, with his or her eligible patriotic feelings dealing with absolute centralism, and there is a democratic rights for the people. The right to speak, gather and organize suppressed by a draconian and chauvinist oppression, and the regime relies on open fascist military formations to crush any expression of popular dissatisfaction. It sabotages people-dependent armed resistance by relying on the weapons that it eagerly gets off Yankee-led NATO, and fears the armed people who are the only one who is defending the nation. At the same time, it sells out every centimeter of the country and enriches itself and its buddies, while the population bears war burden. It is truly a regime of national traitors, the mercperialism of the Yankee imperialism. The only way ahead of Ukraine's people is to chair their own powers and defend the nation against the foreign invades and partners who sell the country. In this context, the key factor proletariat's leadership, as the center of the People's Pole, is through its voice, the communist party led by Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Only the aftermath of the Communist Party can the People's Resistance War be transformed into a cage People's War, whereby the attacker, all the imperialists and their puppet can be expelled from Ukrainian soil. Today, there is no such communist party, but there are communists under education, revolutionary and consistent-german imperialists, which must be supported by the world's communists so that they can progress in understanding the only ideology of international proletariat, Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Without ideology, there is no communist party. Without the Communist Party, there can be no democracy to be followed, no national liberation and no revolution. The most advanced revolutionary forces must be supported ideologically, politically, morally and materially, so that during the great trials they face, they can make progress in the fight for the reconstitution of the Communist Party, it is the most important task.As President Mao taught us, we do not fear communists, we fear nuclear war, we fear nuclear war, we are against it and will do everything possible to prevent it from developing the revolution, fighting against the reactionary war with People's War. When imperialist aggression and imperialists' warmaker, Vialrig must forget this. Imperialist aggression must be defeated with folk war.
Russian imperialists out of Ukraine!
Live the battle of the Ukrainian people!
Down with Yankee imperialism and all its Covers!
Forward in the struggle for the reconstitution of the communist parties in Ukraine, Russia, and the whole world!
International Communist Association
8 . February 2023
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/09/imod-imperialistisk-aggression-haev-folkekrigens-fane-hojt/ 
Women were in their fields in Duisburg ’ 
Author: ['muhabirhasan']
Time: 2023-03-09T93:00:00-04:00
Description: Duisburg | 09.03.2023 | The Duisburg Women's Platform, where the new woman is the component, is March 8, World Working ...
Images: [' d-1-620x330.jpg ', ' d-1-225x300.jpg ', ' d1-225x300.jpg ', ' dd-225x300.jpg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Duisburg | 09.03.2023 | The Duisburg Women's Platform, where the new woman is the component, appeared in the fields on March 8, World Workers Day. At 16:00, the rally started with the women's organizations on the agenda in the city center. After the rally, hundreds of people had a walk. " Jin Jiyan Azadi, Yasaşın March 8, today is not a work day, not the day of strike, live the international solidarity " shown slogans. After the walk, when the rally area was reached, the group interpretation was colorful to the event.
Then the new female representative, Clara Zetkin comrade “Wake up, mobilize, organize!Fight for your class and social salvation!" We are enlarging our words. " Women should be paid permission day. We demand equal work, equal fees. Insecure, flexible, rental workers' system should be given to work with low wages. More poverty, hunger, misery, violence, massacre, war policies to migration, no to war budgets He should be implemented in his place based on health, education and gender equality!Discrimination, violence, harassment and mobbing Sonvermeli, which are applied to women and LGBTI+s to women and LGBTI+s, should be exhausted between the sexes and the environment!DIN Solidarity Lives!Jin Jiyan Azadi!He ended his speech with his demands. The action, which started at 16:00 with the intense mass, was terminated at 19:00.
 
 
 
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/duisburgda-kadinlar-alanlardaydi 
Invitation to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations to join the International Communist Association 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-09T93:00:00-04:00
Images: [' ICL-ENG-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['Danish']
 Proletars in all countries, unite! 
Invitation to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties Og organizations to join International Communist Federation 
The successful holding of the United Maoist International Conference(Fmik)And the establishment of the International Communist Federation is a successful international proletariat and a blow to the general counter -revolutionary offensive of imperialism and world reaction, as is counter -revisionism and all opportunism. It has been less than two months since Detespring was prepared, the declaration and decisions were translated into 15 languages, and the foundation was celebrated with actions in at least 20 countries with hundreds Large demonstration of communists with hundreds of participants marching in Germany with IKF's flags and paroles. It is a historical achievement without a precedent that Communists Idusvis of Countries have completed actions under the slogan: “Unconsider you undermaoism!Down with revisionism!Living the International Communist Federation!”The crowd and quality of the actions confirms the historical significance of the creation that was created and is a glimpse of the powerful impulse that the international communist movement is taking.
The founding of the International Communist Confederation is the result of a long and complex process for more than four decades with a view to overwhelming the spread and uniting the international communist movement [IKB] under Marxism-Leninism-Maoism as the commander of the World Revolution and supervisor. Only by understanding this decades long process is it possible to understand historical transcendence and the deep strategic content of the founding of the International Communist Association.In FMIK, parties and organizations with different views - through -tollee, by practicing unity, criticism, unity could achieve the highest ideological and political unity of the last four -year -olds. This is a thorough example of the true communists wanting to associate themselves with Maoism!The division of the International Proletariat is the interest of the revisionism and the reaction.
The political declaration and the principles of IKF express the agreement that 15 parties and organizations from around the world have reached, and it is a major step forward and is the basis and the point of reference to unite the entire IKB.
The International Communist Association will not save on the forces of establishing a direct connection with all the M-L-M parties and organizations wishing to work for unity and not division, and who defend the three-founding principles: 1. Defense of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, 2. The fight against revisionism and 3. To be for the proletarian world revolution .IKF will work on holding meetings, reunions and forums that aim to lift the Tolinj fight and promote ideological and political unity. Therefore, this support will support all proposals, initiatives and forums that serve to develop device-combat device. Just as it was confirmed in the political statement and the principles:
The new international organization is a center for ideological, political and organizational coordination, based on democratic centralism and solution troubles through mutual and permanent consultation between the parties and organizations that are in line with it, and it will expand this process to all those who - even Whether they participate with the same principles and purposes - standing outside it. 
Therefore, the foundation of IKF does not end the process for the struggle for unity, but open a whole new phase in "The organized struggle for re -establishing derekmunist international under Maoism's command and leadership", and we are available and are obliged to move sky and earth to fight The foreclosure of the glorious communist international.
Comrades,Union under Maoism!Down with revisionism!
Down with imperialism!Live the proletarian world revolution!
Live the International Communist Federation!
8 . February, 2023
International Communist Association
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/09/opfordring-til-alle-marxistiske-leninistiske-maoistiske-partier-og-organisationer-om-at-tilslutte-sig-internationalt-kommunistisk-forbund/ 
March 8 march in Hannover 
Author: ['muhabirmehmet']
Time: 2023-03-09T95:00:00-04:00
Description: Hannover | 09.03.2023 | The new woman, YDG and many institutions are included in the platform 8 March World Working ...
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-09-at-08.27.44-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Hannover | 09.03.2023 | The new woman, YDG and many institutions in the March 8, World Working Women's Day, Hannover, Hannover.
Many institutions spoke in the march, the pressure of the capitalist exploitation of the Erk and the pressure of women all over the world was exposed to sexual, class, national, psychological pressure. At the same time, the importance of the common struggle of men and LGBTIs was mentioned.
The action started at 17.00, ended around 18.30.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/hannoverde-8-mart-yuerueyuesue 
International Communist Confederation: We share the pain of the people of all nations that have lost their lives through the earthquake in Turkey, Rojava and Northern Syria! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-09T95:00:00-04:00
Images: [' LCI-DE.svg_-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['German']
 International Communist Confederation:
We share the pain of the people of all nations that have lost their lives through the earthquake of Turkey, Rojava and Northern Syria! 
In the early morning hours of February 6, at 04:17 a.m. in Pazarcık/Maraş, there was a thickness of 7.7, immediately followed by further earthquakes with a thickness of 7.6 in Elbistan/Maraş at 1:24 p.m. With these earthquakes there was a great disaster and destruction of Inantakya, Osmaniye, Antep, Urfa, Amed, Malatya, Kilis, Adıyaman, Adana, Rojavaund in northern Syria.
In addition to the earthquake disaster and its extent of destruction, the cold weather conditions in the region have negatively affected the poor population in the region due to the winter season, have lost thousands of human life, many were still under ruins and tens of thousands were injured. However, if one looks at those who have stayed with diets, it becomes clear that it is tens of thousands of sacrifice, hundreds of thousands of injuries and great destruction.The earthquake is of course a natural disaster, but it is certainly non -natural that it causes such severe destruction, these destruction are product of the exploitation system of the greedy ruling classes that depend on imperialism. The policy of building and theurbanization, the looting of nature, the exploitation of people and the concentration on more profit, to make more profit, has led to a large number of disasters for humanity to this day. The only thing that can best protect and preserve human beings is the revolutionary line that aims at the abolition of the system of exploitation and deputy ownership in order to build up the socialist system, communism.
It has been shown how weak and fragile the economic system and the infrastructure of the Turkish ruling classes and the state are due to imperialism. The fascist state places large sums for the attacks on the people, for hostility to opposite Kurdish nation and the oppressed peoples, for the state of the state and for a defense system that is worthy. With this structure, she has not spared herself to feed diemasses with chauvinism and to make propaganda for the "great state", "great leader" and "world state". On the contrary, the earthquake has shown that the size of state power and its authority in reality is a "paper tiger". All of their weaknesses were uncovered. Above all, it has shown that the state has nothing to do with the interests of the people, that it is unable to make investments and that it is unable to take appropriate precautions. Filtered like a ruthless gear that people still outlaw, they plunge into even more poverty and become more blood and tears.The earthquake disaster has once again shown how much humanization and revolution need. As always, the greatest victims of disasters are the people. The people suffer from great pain. They are exposed to heavy massacres and are geared into even more hunger and poverty. This situation is presented in public as "fate". However, the fate of the people lies in the struggle for the liberation. Of course, the people have to gain awareness, organization and a political program that determines their own fate. This is the only way to do the solution. An even stronger organization and even more conscious are essential for the liberation of the people.
The earthquake disaster and their consequences have shown some of the necessities of Derachen Revolution. The revolution is urgently necessary. However, the question is what the path of the revolution will be and what will be the organized path of the people. The only and true way to remedy this system, which is rotted and is only a paper tiger, is the people war. A revolutionary struggle based on weapons and violence will not reveal the power and authority of the masses. In order to eliminate the helplessness of the people and to change the situation of waiting for a rescuer, it has to organize themselves and fight on the path of the Volkskrieg under the leadership of the TKP/ML. The seizure of power, which is fought bit by bit through the people democratic revolution until the entire power is taken over, will mean the complete and final liberation of the people.
We as an international communist federal(I B)Share the pain of all nationalities that have lost their lives in the earthquakes in Turkey, Kurdistanund Syria, and organize the solidarity of the folk to heal the wounds of tens of thousands of families who fight with poverty and are of the opinion that the authority the people of the state's authority should be built up.
We call on all advanced, revolutionary, democratic, anti -imperialist circles to act with internationalist spirit and to strengthen the solidarity and the struggle of the oppressed!
The international communist covenant stands alongside the oppressed turkey, Kurdish, Arabic and other nationalities of the peoples, the victims of the earthquake have become.
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/09/internationaler-kommunistischer-bund-wir-teilen-den-schmerz-der-menschen-aller-nationen-die-durch-das-erdbeben-in-der-turkei-rojava-und-nordsyrien-ihr-leben-verloren-haben/ 
Justice, insisted on the 2nd anniversary of the ‘ Bloody Sunday Massacre ’ 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T96:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Relatives of Bloody Sunday Massacre and democratic organizations protested at the Department of Justice (DOJ) office in Manila City on March 7. They insisted on justice
Images: [' bloody-sunday-massacre-protest-doj.jpg ']
Categories: ['Human Rights', 'Regions']
Type: article
 Relatives of Bloody Sunday Massacre and democratic organizations are protesting(DOJ)In Manilaacity on March 7. They insisted on justice and responsibility to the police involved in the killings. The action of the Defend SouthernTagalog group was led. After that, the groups protested and protested at the Nationalintelligence Coordinating Agency(NICA)in Quezon City.
Nine Masa Masa and Southern Tagalog organizers were killed in March7, 2021. These include New Alyansang Makabayan(BEHIND)Cavitecoordinator Emmanuel “Manny” Asuncion, Farmers and Fishermen SIARIEL EVANGELISTA and Ana Mariz “Chai” Lemita-Evangelista, Samarartic organizers Mark “Makmak” Lee Bacasno and Melvin “Greg” Dasigao, and Native Abner Esto and Edward Esto, and leaders of Sinarandy Dela Cruz and Puroy Dela Cruz.
According to Defend Southern Tagalog, killing the victims can be considered violated by international humanitarian law because. The civilian victims were targeted after repeatedly called armed combatants and members of the revolutionary movement before and after they were killed.
Meanwhile, it will be noted that on January 16, the DOJ's decision was announced on the public to dismiss and dismiss the murder cases filed against the 17 police officer involved in the killing of the mannyasuncion leader Mannyasuncion, one of the victims of the Bloody Sunday massacre. According to the DOJ, police are being acquitted because of the alleged "lack of evidence."
Right-St-st Paralegal and Brother-Stcoordinator Nimfa Lanzanas, Bayan Laguna Coordinator Mag Camoral, Leaders Esteban "Steve" Mendoza, Eugenio Tadeo, and Joan Efren, were also arrested on that day.
According to Mags Camoral of Bayan-Laguna, “As one of the arrested, worse military-police forces in accusing the fabricated cases against the activists. Two years, no hearing has been held, Cabuyao Regional Trial Court has not been fiscal(RTC)Branch 108…"
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/hustisya-giit-sa-ika-2-anibersaryo-ng-bloody-sunday-massacre/ 
KM-painted operations in Agusan del Sur, launched 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T97:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Group of the Young Makabayan (KM) in Agusan del Sur painted calls in recent days in another ' another place in the town of San Francisco. Blushing the walls and roads
Images: [' km-agusan-del-sur-opod.jpeg ', ' km-agusan-del-sur-opod-4.jpeg ', ' km-agusan-del-sur-opod-2.jpeg ', ' km-agusan-del-sur-opod.jpeg ', ' km-agusan-del-sur-opod-3.jpeg ']
Categories: ["People's War"]
Type: article
 Patriot(KM)In Agusan del Sur painted calls in recent days in various parts of Sanfrancisco town. The walls and roads of the terms "NPA 54", "VivacPP-NPA-NDF" and "Sampa in the NPA."
 
 
 
 Young people are full of enthusiasm launched "Pint Operation." According to participants, "At first we were joking but in spite of this there was a longing for its contribution to the upcoming anniversary."
"We are more excited about the next duties distributing polytoatatoat postering," they added.
"We are pleased with our contribution to the NPA's anniversary celebration. It is a small contribution but it is important in propaganda for the promotion of the struggle," the people said.
They added, "In the future we will directly participate in the Sademocratic People's Revolution by filing the NPA."
KM was founded in 1964 and one of the allied organizations of the NationalDemocratic Front of the Philippines(Ndfp). Kabilang sa mga tungkulin ng KMang sumuporta sa armadong pakikibaka ng BHB.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/operasyong-dikit-pinta-ng-km-sa-agusan-del-sur-inilunsad/ 
Working Women's Day March was held in Strasbourg. 
Author: ['muhabirmehmet']
Time: 2023-03-09T97:00:00-04:00
Description: Strasbourg | 09.03.2023 | Organized by women's institutions, including the new woman ...
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-09-at-08.40.28-620x330.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-08-at-18.39.28-1-300x135.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Strasbourg | 09.03.2023 | Approximately 1800 people participated in the 8th March International Working Women's Day, which was organized by women's institutions, including the new woman. At 14.00, the Place Kleber Square started the march, the banner of the Pat Patriarch "banner was opened. Frequent solidarity and strugglelogans were thrown in the action.  The photographs of the women who were massacred in the action they supported in their unions were dataşında. After the march, the event was successfully ended.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/strasbourgda-emekci-kadinlar-guenue-yuerueyuesue-duezenlendi 
Against imperialist aggression, the banner of the People's War is raised! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-09T97:00:00-04:00
Images: [' LCI-DE.svg_-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['German']
 Proletarians of all countries, unite! 
Against the imperialist aggression, raises the banner of the Volkskrieg! 
On February 24, the Russian aggression war against Ukraine will last a year. This unjustified war has produced hundreds of thousands of dead and wounded and millions of refugees. The Russian aggressor was unable to achieve his war goals through the Ukrainian people's home country, despite the national traitor's regime, under the leadership of the Yankee lackey Zelensky.
The meeting of a series of contradictions and interests that are currently at stake in Ukraine has donated little confusion in some communist and all -round of anti -imperialist forces. It is therefore necessary to establish a clear position on behalf of the International Communist Association.
The main contradiction is that between Ukraine, an imperialist country, an imperialist country. Regardless of the class character of the Ukrainian regime and its service to the interests of other imperialist powers, especially the Yankee superpower, any ambiguity on this point leads to interpreting its right in a stimulating and national sovereignty and thus supporting the interests of Russian imperialism.
We also have to do everything we can to promote the friendship between the Ukrainian and the Russian people. Two peoples, who were once in the Großersowjetunion under the red banner with hammer and sickle by Lenin and Stalin, are now driven against each other by the intrigues of the imperialists on the battlefield. The communists in formation, Dierevolutionaries and all consistent anti -imperialists have a special responsibility that propaganda against the imperialist war of Russia, their struggle against the imperialist state and its attack war with all the means available to them and also against imperialist warfare and weapons deliveries to fight in the respective imperialist countries. Diemarxist leninary maists in Russia have to progress in the struggle for the Diere constitution of their party Kühn and overcover all difficulty in order to unite with the communists in the world, Damitsie their historical mission of restoring the dictatorship of Desproletariat in the countries that were once the socialist domestic country , better fulfill.
As Chairman Mao said, we Communists are not afraid of the world war, we are not afraid of the nuclear war, we are against it and do everything we can to prevent him by developing the revolution to combat the reactionary war with the Volkskra. While we have the perpetrators of the imperialist, we must never forget. The imperialist aggression must be defeated with the People's War.
Russian imperialist out of Ukraine! 
The struggle of the Ukrainian people live! 
Down with the Yankee imperialism and all its henchmen! 
Forward in the struggle for the reconstitution of the communist parties in Derucraine, Russia and all over the world! 
International Communist Confederation 8 . February, 2023
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/09/gegen-die-imperialistische-aggression-erhebt-das-banner-des-volkskrieges/ 
Economic support, insisted for those affected by the oil spill in Mindoro 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The fisherman's group calls for the national power of the Philippine Movement Movement (PAKAKAKA) to hold the capitalist owner of the MT Princess Empress in the damage to the ocean
Images: [' Oil-Spill_Oriental-Mindoro-1024x683.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Environment', 'Fisherfolks']
Type: article
 The fisherman's group called for the national power of the Philippine Movement Movement(Pamalakaya)that the capitalist owner of the MT Princess Empress will be held accountable for the damage to the ocean as a result of its sinking and disposal of its oil.
The oil spill tragedy took place on February 28 when the Tanker Mt Princess Empress was submerged in the sea. The tanker cargo is 800,000 liters of industrial crude crisis.
They are demanding to pay for the fishermen who have destroyed the livelihood as a result of the incident and to turn off the cost of cleaning the oil affected by the thrown oil.
An estimated 18,000 fishermen are affected in Oriental Mindoro caused by oilspill. It has also reached the neighboring coasts of nearby provinces.
According to the Pamagay-Panay report, coastal barangays Saantique have also been affected where 1,200 fishermen and residents have been affected by the Caluya town of Caluya.
The Parish also calls for the financial support for fishermen who have lost their livelihood and has been affected by the oil spill in Oriental Mindoro since last week.
“One week the livelihood of fishermen in areas affected by the oil spill, including the island of Semirara, was affected. They need a daily and daily supplies for their family, "said Nifernando Hicap, national president of the Paraga.
He insisted that fishermen were calling on the relevant government agencies to take action to clean the spread of oil and deliver assistance to affected fishermen and beach families.
According to the Parish, they will surely cause the last fishermen to collapse because of its possible damage to reefs(coral reefs)and mangrove(mangroves)which serves as the home of fish.
At the forefront of the University of the Philippines Marine Science Institute, up to 36,000 hectares of Coraf Reef, 9,900 hectares of mangrove and 6,000 hectares of the eneagrass and could be affected. Besides this, the local and national government should also prepare for the possible fish kill due to fish poisoning and water contamination.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/suportang-pangkabuhayan-iginigiit-para-sa-mga-apektado-ng-oil-spill-sa-mindoro/ 
Militarization of Mobo town again, for the expansion of the giant Minang Filminera 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-09T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The Jose Raping Command is calling - New People's Army Masbate to the Masbato, especially mobo citizens to eliminate fear and combine the new military attack on the
Images: [' npa-masbate-map-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ['Environment', "People's Struggles"]
Type: article
 The Jose Raping Command - New People's Army Masbate is calling on the people, especially the people of Mobo to eliminate the fear and oppose the new military attack in their town. The rest of the mobo serves the military occupation to enable the expansion of the operation of the massive Minang filminera - Masbate Goldproject.
Specific purpose of militarization under the retooled community supportprogram(RCSP)the eviction of communities that will be covered by the film's expansion. In fact, the town of Mobo is expected to be not only the military occupations but also its neighboring towns. The filminera's long-standing interest in the mounting part of the second district of Masbate is not public.
The AFP-PNP-CAFGU is the largest private army of the large foreign atkocal corporations. Military and police were used to expand Gov. Antonio T. Kho. Military operations were also drowned by the Empark ekoturism's cities to force the farmers to sell their land.
Knowing the mass objection, the filminera will certainly no one to do with the aggressive role of expanding the operation. In fact, the filminera is likely to have lost the dispute of some high -ranking local military government in the province of the Kikbak division and has given it a bundle of exploration.
Knowing the service and terror of the previously suffered militarization under the RCSP, the citizens of Mobo should not allow the repetition of the enemy.
The Masbatan people should not have agreed that the filminera will expand. In more decades of operations, several metric tons and hundreds of billions of gold and silver have been plundered by the large Mina company but Masbate still remains one of the poorest companions in the country.
In exchange for fear is the sting of our mountains, the baldness of our forests, the poisoning of our waters and the loss of our fisheries.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/muling-pagragasa-ng-militarisasyon-sa-bayan-ng-mobo-para-sa-ekspansyon-ng-dambuhalang-minang-filminera/ 
March 8 Activities in Hamburg ’ 
Author: ['muhabirmehmet']
Time: 2023-03-09T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Hamburg | 09.03.2023 | Courage's 3rd world women's conference made in Tunisia on March 7 ...
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-09-at-09.05.36-620x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Hamburg | 09.03.2023 | Courage's documentary film, which was made by Courage in Tunisia on March 7, at the 3rd World Women's Conference “Wenn Win Wir Zusammen Genen“ „Kino was shown in Kino 3001 and then asked questions to the participants. 400 women from 40 countries in the conference and the new Woman had done a workshop on „self -defense“. done. The March 8 march attended by the new woman this year in Hamburg'da „over -salary, incomplete salary, unseen“ with 60 organizations and 300 thousand members of the Hamburg Women's Assembly and the organization of the March 8 Union(DGB)It started in front of it.
The aim here was that their full daily warning strikes for 2.5 million laborers working in the service sector throughout Germany were intended to be combined with the struggle for women*. In the speeches, the melting of the real estates in the face of inflation was criticized and the most „less 500 euro net hike 10.5 percent were requested to increase,“ Teachers, nurses, social workers, children's caregivers are running from women. Speakers emphasized that the lack of personnel reduces the quality of service and increases the wear rate of employees. In the cortege, there was a group of only representatives of women's organizations.
Although the action was held on weekdays, the participation was quite good. It was crowded in proportion to last year. At least 7,000 people had participated, and the majority of them were women working at home and in the LGBTQIA Plus/ FLINTA and the participation of the tribes was quite good. Later, the cortege set out to the Hamburg Municipality. Strike on the road „Nursery, hospitals and workplaces is our response to your policies!My body, shout as my choice!, We are here, because you stole our future!International solidarity is the meaning of solidarity, the meaning of solidarity is resistance, in every country to fight Ni uno menos!Jin Jiyan Azadi!“The slogans were thrown out loud. The people of Hamburg also supported the cortege with an outside and applauded.The PPT will be terminated with a PPT presentation ‚“ 8 March of March 8 “, which will be held at Atiif Association on the week of 8 March.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/hamburgda-8-mart-etkinlikleri 
Let's walk on the road we opened!To live we have to fight!- KKE (M-L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-03-09T99:00:00-04:00
Description: We are already having more than a week of a fair and mass outburst of the people and youth. ' Edge of the country, rage overflows and floods the streets, culminating in the magnificent strike of March 8th.
Images: [' 8-μάρτη-2023.jpg ']
Type: article
 We are already having more than a week of fair and massive outburst of tula and youth. From the end of the country, the rage overflows the streets, culminating in the magnificent strike of March 8th.
The prescribed horrifying crime in Tempi was the cause of the explosion of indignation and anger, for the evolving rushing of the masses at the forefront of the struggle. Our rage has been flaringing for a long time.
We cannot breathe years now. From the unstoppable attack we are being put in every sense of right. From the memorandums, precision, hunger and unemployment. From the war screams. From the pandemic and the wrongdoers from the leveling of care. From obstacles to training, quarantine and bans. From wood and repression. By working "accidents" employer murders. From indifference we are set to fires, floods and snow. From the rottenness of the dominant "culture".
We are not convinced!Government propaganda, the acting "apology" of the Prime Minister, the provocative concealment operation emanating from the centers, their political expressors, their judicial firing and their dimensional parrots, fall into the vacuum. The people realize that they are facing a murdered policy and that the true culprits not only follow to stay unpunished, but are now being prepared for their existing crimes at the expense of their rights and life. Tempi's joke should not be forgotten!And the best way for that is to be able to put the popular uprising to target the real responsibility: the imperialists in the EU and the US, the foreign and local capital, the girlfriends and their political staff. The system of exploitation of and dependency, which for its interests signs poverty, wars, misery and sacrificed us constantly on the altar of profit.Don't do them a favor!The people and the youth do not turn back!Lies and repression will not prevent us. We are well aware that regularity is stinking and death.
Do not succumb to electoral illusions!No "savior" will solve us problems. To overtake the left of the defeat and the subordination PIGIA once again disoriented with the illusion that capitalism is confiscated, as long as everything "state" becomes. This system is not dug up, overturned!
There is a big battle in front of us!With the continuation of our struggle, we can make wins. With the organization, we can resist the murderous policy. With occupations and schools, assemblies, strikes and demonstrations we can grant our rights and lives!
DOWN THE BARBARY POLICY! * DOWN THE SOCIAL AND WORKING MEDIA! Our lives will not be sacrificed on the altar of capitalist win! TRAINING AND STABLE WORK! INCLUDE IN THE SHIPPING LIFE COST! ** FREE AND COMPLETE CARE
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/να-βαδίσουμε-στο-δρόμο-που-ανοίξαμε-για-να-ζησουμε-πρεπει-να-αγωνιστουμε/ 
Appeal to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations to join the international communist federal government 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-09T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' LCI-DE.svg_-1024x681.png ']
Categories: ['German']
 Proletarians of all countries, unite! 
Appeal to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations to join the international communist federal government 
The successful implementation of the United International Maoistic Conference and the establishment of the international communist federal government of Sindersgunungs of the International Proletariat and a blow against the all -round counter -revolutionary offensive of imperialism and the world reaction, as well as against revisionism and every opportunism. It is less than two months ago that this jump was done; The declaration and the resolutions were translated into 15 languages, and the foundation of the Diegl was celebrated with actions in at least 20 countries, with hundreds of actions that ranged from graffiti, flagstitus, banner attachments, poster, distribution of leaflets to a large demonstration of communists with hundreds of participants that marched in Germany with the IKB dates and their slogans. It is an unprecedented performance that communists have carried out actions under the slogan in dozens of countries: Unite under Maoism!Down with Demrevisionism!Long live the international communist covenant!Quantity and quality of the actions confirm the historical importance of the origin and are an indication of the powerful impulse that diocentational communist movement takes.
The foundation of the international communist federal government is the result of a and complex process of more than four decades to overcoming fragmentation and to unite the international communist movement under Marxism-Leninism-Maoism as an order and path management of the world revolution. Only through the understanding of this decades of processes is possible to understand the historical scope and the deep strategic content of the international communist federal government.In the VIMK, parties and organizations with different points of view were able to achieve the highest ideological and political unity of the past four decades through a two -line struggle, the exercise of unity, criticism and unit in an honest and comradely manner. This is a good example for the real communists unite under Maoism!The division of the International Proletariat is only in the interest of the revisionism and the reaction.
The political and principle declaration of the IKB express the unit, Dievon 15 parties and organizations all over the world, a big step forward and they are the basis and the most common point for the unification of the entire IKB.
The international communist federal government will not shy away from a relationship with all M-L-M parties and organizations that want to work on unity and not on the division and which defend the three-basic principles: 1. The defense of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, 2. der Fight against revisionism and 3. The occurrence of the proletarian world revolution. The IKB will meet meetings, meetings and forums that aim to strengthen the two -line struggle and to promote diideological and political unity. Therefore, he will support all suggestions, initiatives and forums that serve to develop unit combat unit. Just as it was confirmed in the political and principle of principle:
" The new international organization is a center of the ideological, political and organizational coordination, is based on democratic centralism and the solution to the problems by shared and persistent pronunciation between the parties and organizations. participating with the same principles and purposes, outside of her. ” 
Therefore, the founding of the ICL does not complete the process of the struggle for the unit, but opens up a completely new stage of the "organizing struggle for the restoration of communist international internationals under the command and the leadership of Maoism", and we are ready and obliged, heaven and earth to move to fight for the restoration of glor -rich international internationals.
Enjoyed, Combine under Maoism!Down with revisionism! 
Down with imperialism!Long live the proletarian world revolution! 
Long live the international communist covenant! 
8th. February 2023 International Communist Confederation
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/09/appell-an-alle-marxistisch-leninistisch-maoistischen-parteien-und-organisationen-dem-internationalen-kommunistischen-bund-beizutreten/ 
Immediate freedom for José Rainha and Luciano de Lima!Below is the criminalization of the struggle for the land!– Peasant resistance 
Author: Centro Brasileiro de Solidariedade aos Povos
Publish Time: 2023-Março-08T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: None
Images: []
Type: None
Tags: ['criminalização', 'solidariedade']
Category: Luta camponesa
News Source: https://resistenciacamponesa.com/luta-camponesa/liberdade-imediata-para-jose-rainha-e-luciano-de-lima-abaixo-a-criminalizacao-da-luta-pela-terra/ 
