马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
2023-03-08
 




English 
Suka Figueiredo in the instrumental Sesc Brasil - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: Tuesday, 03/07, at 19h, the saxophonist and songwriter Suka Figueiredo performs a show within the programming of the Sesc Sesc Brazil Instrumental Project
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T00:05:00-03:00
Modified Time: None
Updated Time: None
Images: []
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Afrolatina', 'Agenda Cultural', 'Diogo Ville', 'flauta', 'guitarra', 'Instrumental Sesc Brasil', 'primeiro álbum', 'Sesc Consoloção', 'Suka Figueiredo', 'Teatro Anchieta', 'teclado', 'trompete', 'Youtube']
Type: article
Tuesday, 03/07, at 19h, the saxophonist and songwriter Suka Figueiredo performs a show within the programming of the project Instrumental Sesc Brasil , from Sesc São Paulo . Participations of Rafael Acerbi (guitar), Diogo Ville (keyboard), Marina Bastos (flute), Sidmar Vieira (Trumpet), Felipe Puzzutuello (low), Ananias Alana (battery)e Valentina Facury (percussions). O evento acontece presencialmente, noTeatro Anchieta, Sesc Consolação, e online através do canal Instrumental SescBrasil no YouTube. "Suka Figueiredo apresenta Afrolatina, seu primeiro álbum,lançado em julho de 2022, que representa a conquista de uma mulher negradentro da música instrumental brasileira, marcando a história e servindo dereferência para as jovens instrumentistas que estão surgindo", divulga o SescSP.
Abaixo: O show online
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/suka-figueiredo-no-instrumental-sesc-brasil/ 
Ikf: Against Imperialist Aggression, raise the People's War tab high! 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T04:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T17:50:24+00:00
Description: We bring an unofficial Danish translation of an opinion from the International Communist Association. Proletarians in all countries, unite!Against imperialist aggression, raise the folk's tab high!P…
Images: [' ikf.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We bring an unofficial Danish translation of an opinion from the International Communist Association.
 Proletars in all countries, unite! 
Against Imperialist Aggression, raise the Folk's tab high! 
Per. This February 24, the Russian Aggression War against Ukraine has lasted in one year. This unjust war has created hundreds of thousands of dead and wounded and millions of refugees. Through the heroic defense of their homeland of Detucrainian people, despite their national traitor regime led by Yankee-Lakajenzelenskyj, the Russian aggressor has not been able to complete his war targets.
The coincidence of a number of contradictions and interests currently in Ukraine has caused great confusion among some communist and generally anti -imperialist forces, and some even seem to believe that we are standing on the rim of a new world war. Therefore, it is necessary to establish a clarification on behalf of the International Communist Association.
The main courage is the one between Ukraine, a country suppressed by imperialism, and Russia, an imperialist country. Regardless of the class character of the Ukrainian regime and its service by other imperialist powers, mainly Yankee imperialism, any doubt on this point will lead to denying Ukrainian law to independence and national sovereignty, and therefore, at least indirectly, to support the interests of Russian imperialism.It is contingent on these external contradictions that the Ukrainian Nation's inbods unfold. The Zelenskyj regime is in acute contradiction to the overwhelming majority of the interests of the Ukrainian people, with his or her eligible patriotic feelings dealing with absolute centralism, and there is a democratic rights for the people. The right to speak, gather and organize suppressed by a draconian and chauvinist oppression, and the regime relies on open fascist military formations to crush any expression of popular dissatisfaction. It sabotages people-dependent armed resistance by relying on the weapons that it eagerly gets off Yankee-led NATO, and fears the armed people who are the only one who is defending the nation. At the same time, it sells out every centimeter of the country and enriches itself and its buddies, while the population bears war burden. It is truly a regime of national traitors, the mercperialism of the Yankee imperialism. The only way ahead of Ukraine's people is to chair their own powers and defend the nation against the foreign invades and partners who sell the country. In this context, the key factor proletariat's leadership, as the center of the People's Pole, is through its voice, the communist party led by Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Only the aftermath of the Communist Party can the People's Resistance War be transformed into a cage People's War, whereby the attacker, all the imperialists and their puppet can be expelled from Ukrainian soil. Today, there is no such communist party, but there are communists under education, revolutionary and consistent-german imperialists, which must be supported by the world's communists so that they can progress in understanding the only ideology of international proletariat, Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Without ideology, there is no communist party. Without the Communist Party, there can be no democracy to be followed, no national liberation and no revolution. The most advanced revolutionary forces must be supported ideologically, politically, morally and materially, so that during the great trials they face, they can make progress in the fight for the reconstitution of the Communist Party, it is the most important task.As President Mao taught us, we do not fear communists, we fear nuclear war, we fear nuclear war, we are against it and will do everything possible to prevent it from developing the revolution, fighting against the reactionary war with People's War. When imperialist aggression and imperialists' warmaker, Vialrig must forget this. Imperialist aggression must be defeated with folk war.
Russian imperialists out of Ukraine!
Live the battle of the Ukrainian people!
Down with Yankee imperialism and all its Covers!
Forward in the struggle for the reconstitution of the communist parties in Ukraine, Russia, and the whole world!
International Communist Association
8 . February 2023
Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/07/ikf-imod-imperialistisk-aggression-haev-folkekrigens-fane-hojt/ 
Maria Alice Barroso: A militant of the penalty and talent - the new democracy 
Author: Frank Calafate
Description: Maria Alice Barroso was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1926. However, he always made a point of putting in all his biographies launched in Brazil and in
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T09:15:00-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T14:18:06-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T14:18:06-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nova Cultura
Tags: ['literatura popular']
Type: article
By Frank Calafate 03/08/2023
4 minutes of reading
Maria Alice Barroso was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1926. However, he always made a point of putting in all his biographies launched in Brazil outside that was born in the small Miracema, northwestern region. This made the opposite route of many who are born inside and forget about the Torrão to achieve some visibility [1]. She was the director of the Nachine Institute of the Book, the National Library and the National Archive.
In 1967 he published the novel - a name to kill_, inaugurating the Pentalogy Dociclo Parada de Deus, a work that earned him the Walmap Award of that year after the assessment of a Judging Board composed by Guimarães Rosa, Jorge Amado Eantonio Olinto. In 1989 he won the Jabuti Award with the fourth work set by God, entitled The Saga of the Indomado Horse . Nélida Piñon, First Women to preside over the Brazilian Academy of Letters(ABL)and personal friend Demaria Alice Barroso, compared the creation of the fascinating village of Parada Dide to that of Macondo by Gabriel Garcia Márquez. She also said that Brazil owed Maria Alice Barroso the recognition for building a fictional world with narrative vigor and wisdom and the need to recover and spread herobra [1].

_ the squatters_: The Fight for Land in BrazilThe book tells the trajectory of Zé Severino who fleeing the drought that afflicted Abahia migrated to Minas Gerais in search of better living conditions for his family. After several unsuccessful attempts to get some work, sext and without food, he arrives at the Serra Alta Valley and lifts on a devolutary Empprodative land a shack, starting the crop. Other people were coming together joining Zé Severino. With a lot of work and patience of the peasants, that devastated land is rising sending the hunger that one day he once bound. One day a foreign rich man arrives in the city friend of the governor setting the owner of the valley. With the help of the mayor, the delegate and the priest outlined the plane to expel Zé Severino and the others from the earth. But the peasants deed to resist and fight for their piece of floor. 

Antonio: arms and aim without receiving penny 
One of the main characters of _ the squatters_ is Antonio dos Santos, young woman arrived in the valley coming from Belo Horizonte that offers arms and aims to help the peasants in the struggle for the land. One of Zé Severino's sons, suspicious of the story told by Antonio asks bluntly what Afinalele was doing there. The outsider replies: “If I told you, Zequinha, that there are men, many men concerned about your luck, men docampo, would you believe me?(…)If I told you that there are men who will be prison, who catch the police just because they want to give you a more feelable life, distributing the earth equal to all peasants, would you believe?(…)These men are scattered around the world. From Achina so far, in Brazil, you can count on them, as they are always wrapped in the poor, the oppressed and the wronged.(…)I am one of those Homens. And that's why I'm here to fight you. Do I need to explain more any things? ” [3]
After winning the friendship and confidence of Zé Severino, Antonio is presented in the other peasants as a member of a party fighting against colonels, the police and the government. Knowing this, the squatters with a laugh satisfaction found that Antonio was one of them and their presence brought a sense of peace and security to all.

the current _os squatters_Written almost 70 years ago, the work is still current, constituting a portrait of the Brazilian field marked by the violence of the landlords and stately against poor landless peasants with little land. The struggle of the Serra Alta Valley is the same as carried out by other peasantsbrasil as in Canudos, Contestado, Trombas and Formoso, Pau D'Arco, Portovelho, Marabá, Corumbiara, Anapu, North of Minas, Abunã and Araguaia. 
Northwest Fluminense so well portrayed by Maria Alice Barroso in the Dociclo Parada de Deus works continues under the yoke of landowners. Local policy is based on coronelismo, clientelism and mandonism. But sooner than the popular masses will mobilize and organize and on that day all crimes committed by the colonels against the people over the years and years of exploration, subjugation and humiliation will be charged as if they have been overwhelmed the day before.
To paraphrase Maria Alice Barroso, after a first cry of Dos Camponees and workers against the dominance of the colonels and the rich other ones will resonate through the field, making light where there were once darkness.
Maria Alice Barroso died on October 12, 2012 in the city of Judge Defora, Minas Gerais.

Frank Calafate is the son of peasants. He believes that education, science andartes are weapons whose effect depends on who wields them and who is affected by them. Thus, teachers, scientists and artists are combined soldiers for advanced fire lines.

Bibliographic references 
[1] SCHMIDT, A.L.L.C.; MELLO, A .; FINAMORE, L. B .; LANES, L .; SOARES, T. .Maria Alice Barroso, a name to remember: the regional identity of an autoranational. 1. ed. Rio de Janeiro: Autography, 2019. v. 500. 210p.
[2] Soares, T. A. S., Schmidt, A. L. L. C., the squatters: a literature on social dengoration in the 1950s of the twentieth century. In: Maria Alice Barroso, a name to remember: the regional identity of a national author. 1. ed. Rio de Janeiro: Autography, 2019. v. 500. 210p.
[3] BARROSO, M. A. The squatters. 2nd ed. Rev. Rio de Janeiro: Record, 1986.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/maria-alice-barroso-uma-militante-da-pena-e-do-talento/ 
PC 7 March: March 8: girls, women who continue to fight in Iran!We make their courageous cry against the Iranian regime and against the imperialists to his support in all mobilizations of 8 March 
Author: fannyhill
Description: From the feminismo -life blog from the intervention of an Iranian woman to the women/workers' assembly of February 23 hello to all, they are m ...
Time: 2023-03-07T10:38:00+01:00
Images: []
dal Blog FemminismoMorivolutational 
From the intervention of an Iranian woman to the women's/female workers' assembly **
Hi everyone, I'm very happy to be with you. I wanted to greet you. Ilnostro first goal is to be the voice of our people. We nail down to remove all the affairs that all governments of the world colanostro dictatorial regime. This is now our goal. My people are very difficult and we must help, and we must also fight more. Thanks for the invitation to this assembly. 
Bella's video hello with the images of the protests in Iran
01:06 01:06
<https://agi-cdn.thron.com/delivery/public/video/agi/dbffc18d-a368-438d-9d88-5137e995e5b0/5ux4i6a/webhd/il+video+bella+Coniao+le> 
"or all together or even alone / Bella hello Bella hello / we wake up alchiaro di Luna / We who will remain awake until the aftermath / in the end of the Lenostre hands will break / all over the world the chain of oppression" 
You killed a Masha, thousands of Masha grew up in Iran. 
From Kurdistan to the whole world we are all Masha 

Fight to fight 



Whatever the ax you launched me 
It wasn't a wound was a sprout 



I will kill, I will kill the one who killed my sister ... 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-8-marzo-alle-ragazze-donne.html 
MA: Peasants of São Luís do not accept the new Master Plan of the City Hall - the new democracy 
Author: Comitê de Apoio – São Luís (MA)
Description: Residents of neighborhoods in the rural area of São Luís gathered in front of the city's City Hall in a demonstration pulled by the island's movement in defense, in
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T12:00:00-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T14:28:19-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T14:28:19-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['protesto']
Type: article
Master Plan of the São Luís City Hall seeks to deliver city to mega -entrepreneurs. Photo: Reproduction
Residents of neighborhoods in the rural São Luís gathered in front of the city's camcorda in a demonstration pulled by the island's movement on Defense, on February 14, to demand the return of the city's master plan for the City Hall, and its consequent Review, pending since 2015.
In addition to the difficulty encountered by the peasants to accompany and participate in the process, this plan, as is currently found, hurts the foundal rights of various rural communities, being a great threat to dunes, aquifers and forest reserve areas. And all this, to serve the interses of great entrepreneurs, especially from the eporate real estate branch.
The Master Plan dictates the parameters for the expansion and development of the city nearby 10 years, being a law governed by the City Statute that uses a set of norms and guidelines for public policies in relation to mobility, sanitation, environmental and rural policies. Way, as an expressive urban planning milestone, it should be serious as such.
The sudden urgency and interest in the approval of the new master plan is strictly linked to the interests of great entrepreneurs in the real estate industry, as approving the Master Plan would be the first step for dribbling land use and occupation, which will guarantee entrepreneurs legal supervision. The great interest is the construction of a port called Deporta São Luís, a project that began with former Maranhão governor, Fláviodino, in his two terms under the opportunistic acronym PCdoB who, in January2023, took over the Ministry of Justice and Security Public Presidency. At the time, in 2019, the attempt to advance the project of construction of theport, in alliance with the conglomerate China Communications Construction Company(CCCC), resulted in a violent eviction of residents of the centenary communityCajueiro, located in the rural area of São Luís.Maria Joselia reports that, because of real estate speculation, the rivers are in a while and the residents are no longer able to keep their Juçarals, when asked which river bathes her community, she reported that the nomento Rio is called Rio do Ambude and is almost completely complete Polished: “I have a terreiro named Terreiro de Sao Jose, we used water from the river to baptize eagora can no longer, we washed clothes in the river, but when they built the hostels it didn't give anymore, the only preserved spring is in a parser.” Maria Joselina says, in addition to informing that 10 communities of Domacaranã, which depend directly on the river, will be affected with the new planodirector.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/camponeses-de-sao-luis-nao-aceitam-novo-plano-diretor-da-prefeitura/ 
Against sexual harassment and other forms of oppression!Women's organization! 
Author: Revolución Obrera
Time: 2023-03-07T14:00:00-05:00
Images: [' Acoso.jpg ']
Tags: ['abuso sexual', 'acoso sexual', 'Emancipación de la Mujer', 'feminismo', 'machismo', 'Metoo', 'Movimiento Femenino Revolucionario', 'Yo también']
Categories: ['Emancipación de la mujer']
!Against sexual harassment and other forms of oppression!Organization of the women!1 ](https://www.revolucionobrera.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Acoso.jpg)The unequal situation of women and her status as a man oppressed, come from the ancient slave society divided into classes because of the deprivation of private property over the means of production. The current capitalist sociality not only inherited such inequality and oppression of women, but has raised them to an unbearable degree, where feminicide is more violent, blood and criminal suffering, next to which, they are exercised forms of oppression over women, brutal and at the same time disguised, such as the sexual sexual_ whose boundary with washing is almost imperceptible, while it is a “romantic” resource of the exploiters to harass women work.

The sexual acoso is a universal form of oppression to women 
Women of all classes and in all countries suffer. But hacking greater resonance thanks to some of the bourgeois women of Acoso sexual - raised their voice, self -censored by years, and hasnunciated their perpetrators, which has echoed in the main media of communication. Powerful entrepreneurs and politicians of the imperialist bourgeoisie have been publicly denounced, causing a lot of noise, where some have lost their privileged positions, others have prepared political ostracism, and few, very few, have been convicted of justice.And in Colombia, so as not to leave it out of the list, the practice of the _acososexual in the spheres of art, journalism and the show has always existed, and only to illustrate, it is worth bringing the case of the report of the Periodists Catalina Ruiz-Navarro and Matilde de The Londoño miracles in 2020, with eight complaints of women for harassment and _ sexual abuse_ against the director of Cine Ciro Guerra, for their sexual assaults that occurred between 2013 and 2019 in three cities of the country and four abroad during events such as Cannes movie the Film Film Film Festival and the Cartagena Film Festival.

The depravation of political leaders is expressed in the sexual acous 
The bosses of the imperialist bourgeoisie, in addition to being the political leaders of the imperialist oppression about the oppressed countries and the workers, are also personally, oppressors and sexual stalkers of the women. Although they always have the protection of the great press of which owners, of their bribed justice, and the bourgeois moral hypocritical Trabajadoras classes. They head the George Bush list(the old), Bill Clinton and Donaldtrump, all denounced by sexual abuse to dozens of women. Monoparantitular world, statements and judgments, but none was convicted of sexual crimes against women whose complaints ended frozen in the ice of silence.And when practices of sexual acous by officials are denounced, it cannot be mentioned the abuses denounced by women of the State's armed forces, abuses that have caused persecution, dismissals, renunciations and even suicides. It is enough to mention a case of the most recent, in the National Police, the most powerful criminal gang in the immediate care centers(CAI)Apart from being known as micro traffic, they are clubs where they are halling and abuses with detained fighters. One of his colonels, the German Chafarote German who was the commander in the department of Putumayo was denounced by several women police officers by sexual acous , and ironically a woman, Colonel Sandra Vallejos Delgado who received the denunciations did not credit, filed them and had the impudence to respond to one of the downtown: "get used to, that you are pretty"; For its part, the human detailed group of the Antonio Nariño school decided that "it was not worth it."

The harmless bourgeois and tiny laws and measures against the sexual_acous_acous_Agreements such as the 190 of the ILO that speaks of women's rights; penalties mentioned in the Criminal Code for the crime of sexual acous ; Law 1010 of 2006 that prohibits the sexual harassment of workers; Degenero sub-commission installed by the Government as part of the Permanent Commission of the decentration of salary and labor policies to prevent the acososexual in the workplace; Gender protocol promoted by the President to avoid the sexual sexual_ in Congress; channels and attention lines of complaints of sexual violence; Complaints before the Prosecutor's Office that sends Los Ascasos to the Centers of Care and Integral Research to the Victims Sex Dima(Cavity)For legal advice and psychological care ... All this is written letter on wet paper!All are laws, harmless measures in front of the sexual acous , if that legal formality is not obliged to fulfill, with the force of the direct struggle of the women, with the strength of the female movement, of the labor movement and the mass of mass. 

The revolutionary proletarian line to face the sexual won_ wings 
If the bourgeois women are sexually __ by the men's men ... if the small bourgeois women - who exploit workforce but also have to work themselves - are sexually acosadas_por the bourgeois men given their social closeness and by the men Living only depend on their work force for a salary - they are sexually harassed by the bourgeoh and the small bourgeois, by the middle command and the supervisor, by the co -worker and the union leader, by the abuser in the public transport, by The market of the market, by the homemade and elceler, for his own relatives, for the machismo that transpires by all of the capitalist society ... the working woman is the one who worse and more briefly suffers the sexual sexual in society because it is blackmail the deterioration in their working conditions!Communism has no miraculous recipes to solve the problems of capitalism, such as the violence of the sexual _ to women, Perosí assembles the class of the proletarians, and especially to the women workers of an ideological and political guide, and some forms of struggle and struggle and of organization to confront and transform that situation revolutionally.
The working woman individually is impotent to face the acososexual . But when he joins his co -workers, with his companions of the union, with her friends and neighbors of the neighborhood or village ... then he raises volume to her voice, increases the strength of her complaint, weighs her demand on paper laws.
It is true that the current crisis of the trade union movement due to the erroneous Polyitic and Employment Directorate of the Chiefs of the Trade Union Centrals, a weekly in the shortage of trade union organizations, in the weakness of the existing ones and this increases the unprotection of the companions against the acososexual . But nothing in the world was born at once and right; Everything moves the simple to the complex, from less to more, from the individual to the organization. Yahí is the key to solving the problem, knowing that there is no saviors Supremos, that only the people save the people, and women are very important part of the people. The initial and simple form proposed by the revolutionary community to the companions to initiate the transformation of individual impotence into a group force, is the organization of demuum committees in the factory and company, in the clinic and the hospital, in the school, The school and the university, in the neighborhood, in the union, in Lacooperativa, in the sports team ... there are working women everywhere, everywhere they are ultra -urged and sexually acosadas , everywhere they know Organize women's committees .
It is known that in the beginning, especially in the factories and companies, Deinmediato would be victims of employer persecution, which is why, initially lore as it is to organize them in secret, with the partners other confidence, with simple operating rules that include the complaints in the complaints in Anonymous form by social networks and the search for stealthy references with other companions affected by the same problem, plaster, with a main achieve: against sexual harassment and other ways of options: organization of women!The portal Revolution Obrera is at the service of all women's women. To amplify the complaints that can be sent to the emails or the social networks of the portal. To contribute to the information and education, the historical causes of the woman's situation, the need for sucking emancipation as part of the emancipation of the entire working class. Ymuy soon, will publish a proposal of _ Platform of struggle for a revolutionary female manner_ 2`, useful as a guide for the organization of the women's committees so that at the same time, these liberty organized form to that movement.
Grades: 
1 <https://www.colombia.com/actualidad/naciones/Imfe-recibe-tremenda-golpiza-en-cartagena-lue-de-que-emple- lo-grabara-acosandola-382481> 2 for better information, See the editorial _Por a revolutionary female movement: Organize women's committees!
News Source: https://www.revolucionobrera.com/mujer/acoso-sexual/ 
Journalist denounces farce about the path of Peabiru - The New Democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: Journalist Rosana Bond will, in the coming days, submit to various tourism agencies of Santa Catarina, a complaint against Councilman Henrique Deckmann,
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T14:36:30-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T14:37:24-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T14:37:24-03:00
Images: []
Section: Povos Indígenas
Tags: ['Caminho de Peabiru']
Type: article
Journalist Rosana Bond. Photo: Reproduction
The journalist Rosana Bond will, in the coming days, present to various decturism organs of Santa Catarina, a complaint against Councilman Henrique Deckmann, from Joinville, who has committed crime by propagating that Peabiru, indigenous truck, passed through his municipality and also for Garuva. “This is a harmful scam to unsuspecting tourists, young students, teachers, and Santa Catarina tourism,” says Bond.
"He is appropriating a story that does not belong to Joinville/Garuva Esim to other municipalities of the state," says the journalist, author of 5 books About Peabiru. Rosana Bond is considered one of the greatest Brazilian experts on the subject.
"The councilman is, with an egged electoral purposes, committing the misleading crime and other illegalities, as it has been spending public resources to play a scam, a lie," laments the journalist.
This is not the first time he has been involved in controversy. Years ago, HenriqueludoWigo Deckmann was mayor of Maripá, Paraná, and was processed public peloministry for administrative misunderstanding. He denied asirregularities, was acquitted, but had to leave the city, coming to reside EMSC.
“His goal now is to attract tourism to Joinville and Garuva. But this is athyetic and anti-historical. Using lies and distortions only harms it, ”saysBond. And it adds: “I have already passed him all the correct data, but I was unavoidable. It insists on untruths. ”
The Peabiru path linked the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific, having a perpetrator of about 4,000 km.
In Santa Catarina, it was done by the Itapocu River(Tape Puku in the Guarani language, meaning long way). Passava por Barra Velha, São João do Itaperiu,Guaramirim, Jaraguá do Sul e Corupá.
“Existem cerca de 30 documentos manuscritos, dos anos 1500 e 1600, informandoque o caminho dos índios (Pairbill)It was by Itapocu. Such texts fired by researcher Fabio Krawulski Nunes, from Jaraguá, and are registered registers, ”says the journalist.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/jornalista-denuncia-farsa-sobre-o-caminho-do-peabiru/ 
MS: Seeking to hold back, police unfairly arrest three Guarani -Kaiowá in Rio Brilhante - The New Democracy 
Author: Comitê de Apoio – Dourados (MS)
Description: At dawn on March 3, the Guarani-Kaiowá resumed another part of the Laranjeira Nhanderu village in Rio Brilhante, a city 100km from Dourados, Monday
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T14:47:33-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T12:55:59-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T12:55:59-03:00
Images: [' Imagem-2-1024x576.jpg ', ' Imagem-3.jpg ', ' Imagem-4.jpg ']
Section: Povos Indígenas
Tags: ['Demarcação', 'Guarani-Kaiowá']
Type: article
The prayer(Ourru)Olímpio, 83, and his daughter, Professor Clara, in the resumption orange tree Nhanderu. He was hit by two rubber bullets and she was arrested. Photo: Folha de São Paulo
At dawn on March 3, the Guarani-Kaiowá resumed another part of the Orange Nhanderualdeia in Rio Brilhante, a city 100km from Dourados, the second largest city in Mato Grosso do Sul. The indigenous people have been in the region since 2008 and live in a small strip of land. The territory recently occupied the headquarters of Inho Farm, located in the indigenous territory(OF)what a hope for over 15 years. Hours after the resumption, at the behest of the Governorrectional Eduardo Riedel(PSDB), the Military Police of the State of Mato Grosso Sul cowardly injured two indigenous people with rubber bullet and dysfit three leaders after entering the territory, illegally - undamaged judicial and overlapping the jurisdiction of the Federal Court.
The orange resumption Nhanderu is a historically recognized territory Guarani-Kaiowá and has a promise of demarcation since 2007. Although indigenous people have not yet been able to enjoy it in its entirety, living in a small portion of land. Expression of this was the recent referee suffered by the Guarani-Kaiowá. At the time, the indigenous people advanced the locality where there was traditionally a house of prayer(_Oga)- One of them was attacked in 2020 - For the realization of a ritual ceremony that happens every three years. Upon arriving, the 15 families brutally repressed by the PM and the latifundal jagunços. The indigenousnesses their tents removed from the resumption and their goods(from motorcycles to bikes and carriolas)seized, as reported to the correspondent of the and on site.
 Cars of the Military Police Domato Grosso do Sul, which were mobilized from surrounding cities to Rio Brilhante, and performed illegal action in conjunction with latifundion jagunços. Photo :: cimiDuring the repression, the military detained, under the false accusation of “sulhossory”, as well as alleged “resistance” to the arrest, Chief Adalto(Avarendy)and Professor Clara(How many jeguá), both sons of Olímpio, Figures of the Resumption and Counselors of Aty Guasu and Kuñange Aly Guasu. In addition to this, the young cameraman and member of the resumption, Athy Young Lucimar “Lucas” Gualoy(Ava jeguaka), he was also detained for "disobedience." The prosecution of the young man's stance in refusing to stop the filming that was doing a police action. According to the indigenous people, the police of the region acted repression along with “private security guards”(gunmen)From the landlord, they wanted motorcycles of the Guarani-Kaiowá and kept them in a Fazenda shed.
The three detainees went to the 1st Rio Brilhante Civil Police Station with their remaining belongings seized(including the cell phone where Gualoyhavia recorded the repression). Frente a isso, a mãe e o tio do jovem foram até adelegacia, denunciaram a arbitrariedade da detenção e afirmaram que, se ospresos não fossem postos em liberdade, membros da sua aldeia (Tajasu iguá, emdouradina)They would join the resumption in solidarity with the Guarani-Kaiowá Brilhante. As a result of the mobilization, the indigenous people remained Naterra until the release of the three detainees, which occurred the next day. However, despite the revocation of preventive arrests, the Civil Police maintained the catelling measures against the indigenous people.
Still as a continuation and result of the struggle of the Guarani-Kaiowá people, it was given an announcement of the advancement of the demarcation process and anthropological expertise. Solidarity and intended to advance in their fight, the Guarani-Kaiowá said they will hold, with leaders from all over Mato Grosso dosul, the great Guarani-Kaiowá Assembly( Crowd )in Laranjeiranhanderu. The assembly will take place between 03/06 and 10/03.
 Emolidarity to advance the resumption and attacks of the old state, the Guarani-Kaiowá decided to hold their great assembly in Laranjeira Nhanderu. Photo: Aty Guasu

The resumption processIn 2008, in view of the old state, 167 indigenous people from the community occupied a small area of forest in the back of the Santo Antônio Farm in Riobrilhante, which borders Inho Farm. The following year, they were expelled by court order and occupied the banks of BR-163, but again resumed oterritory in 2011. At the time, the state government was under Andrépuccinelli management(So PMDB), whose deputy governor Simone Tebet, current Planning and Budget. In 2017, the indigenous people denounced the sineficiality of the old Brazilian state in the process of demarcation of Seterra in a brief reporting federal public dominance of Mato Grosso do Sul. A year later, they elevated to the area called Orange Nhanderu II. Last year, Osguarani-Kaiowá bravely resisted a de-despejo attempt held after a resumption at the headquarters of the Inho Fazenda. 
 Map made by the Guarani-Kaiowá of Tilaranjeira Nhanderu; In red, Inho Farm, site of the current conflict, and, in green, the Santo Antônio Farm, whose funds has been inhabited by the Indigenous people. Photo: Repórter Brasil
According to the Guarani-Kaiowá, the true reason for the conflict involving Aárea is the interest of the son of the owner of Fazenda Inho, José Raul das Nevesjúnior, in selling the land to Councilman Adão Evandro Pereira Leite(TO THE).José Raul também é secretário municipal do Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT)Derio Brilhante, was secretary of the Foundation for Culture, Sport and Leisure between2013 and 2016 and worked with the father of the current mayor of the city, Lucas Foroni(MDB). Em 2011, segundo noticiou o monopólio de imprensa local Dourado News,José Raul e seu pai tentaram interceptar o trabalho da Comissão de DireitosHumanos da Câmara dos Deputados em sua fazenda ao bloquear o acesso com umtronco de árvore.

Policiais e governador se contradizem 
Na tentativa de esconder o verdadeiro motivo do conflito, a PM e o governo doestado se contradisseram ao dar, cada qual, sua versão sobre o caso. Naocasião, a corporação alegou, em nota, que foi até o local porque um grupo de15 pessoas invadiu a fazenda e, “de forma agressiva, expulsaram osfuncionários” e roubaram um botijão de gás.
During his 2022 election campaign, Riedel stated demagogically in "listening and understanding" the indigenous people, commented on the "challenge of living all draws" and would seek to make an "economic development for these communities." In practice, the governor who says “Indians and producers are guardians” was supported by 50 rural unions [representatives of the estate and constantly alert the indigenous peoples doesty]](https://anovademocracia.com.br/ms-forca-nacional-consolida-12-anos-de-atuacao-contra-indigenas-no-estado-a-mando-do-latifundio/). Em seu discursooportunista e pró-latifúndio, Riedel equipara o latifúndio aos indígenas elevanta propostas de “levar a questão de desenvolvimento”, sem tocar noassunto na demarcação de terras.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/ms-guarani-kaiowa-avancam-retomada-em-rio-brilhante-sao-ilegalmente-reprimidos-pela-policia-e-tres-sao-presos-injustamente-em-resposta-anunciam-semana-de-luta/ 
RJ: Against hunger, people confiscates chickens of listed truck - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: Residents of the Cidade de Deus Community (West Zone), in Rio de Janeiro, confiscated chickens listed from a truck, facing police repression to kill hunger.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T14:52:01-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T09:48:49-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T09:48:49-03:00
Images: [' 07co10-1024x576.webp ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['Confisco', 'fome']
Type: article
Pasta confiscates chickens truck in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Reproduction
Residents of the City of God Community(West Zone), in Rio de Janeiro, confiscated chickens listed from a truck, facing police repression to kill hunger. The truck loaded with the animals toppled on the 7th Mark on the Gabinal Road near the community. One month earlier, in the Damata area in Minas Gerais(MG)More than twenty people were arrested for confiscating a truck. In this case, the Civil Police stated that frequent confiscation in the Zona da Mata.
Videos of what happened in Rio de Janeiro show the masses carrying the depths of gadgets despite being harassed by military police carrying rifles.
 Military Police Acosammasses who confiscated food in the community of the City of God in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Reproduction
A month before what happened in Rio de Janeiro, 24 people were arrested in Zonada Mata Minas Gerais for confiscating yogurt boxes in a listed truck NABR-116, Leopoldina. A joint action was performed between police(PM), Civil police(PC)and Federal Highway Police(PRF)To stop the masses confiscate the food. In addition to the arrests, six vesicles of the popular who confiscated dairy products on the road also had been understood.
The truck had left Araras(SP), to the Holy Spirit, loaded with 32 tons of yogurt and other dairy products. Decoro with the PC, in an interview with the G1 reactionary press monopoly, a plowing was “a joint, fast action that will become constant, as it is one that has been taking place repeatedly in the [Leopoldina] city”.
Food confiscation across the country is a consequence of hunger agonizing those is subjected to the people. In 2022, the 2nd National Inquiry Food Superinsence in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil revealed 33 million Brazilians hungry. The same study pointed out that only quadrares in ten Brazilian families(40%)They have full access to food. These are 14 million more than hungry people compared to the lastquiry, made in 2020, and a 7.2% growth in the number of people and the degree of food insecurity.##### Lula/Alckmin Government Cut Bolsa Familia of 1.5 million 
It aggravates the hunger staff the forecast of cutting by the Lula/Alckmin Government of 1.5 million people from Bolsa Familia, in addition to the "review" of the Pharmacy Pharmacy program. This measure is unconditional to the fact that the average salary of the Brazilian, according to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics(IBGE), being R $ 2,787, while minimum wage should be R $ 6.6 thousand, according to Intersindical Odepation of Statistics and Socioeconomic Studies(Dieese), in view of the cost of housing, food, transportation, education and other needs. It is evident that all government's demagogy to justify 1.5 million people hide the fact that it will affect those who need to survive, no matter how they do not fit into Bolsa Familia reaisites.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-contra-a-fome-povo-confisca-galinhas-de-caminhao-tombado/ 
Armed struggle in Ireland follows power - the new democracy 
Author: Ângelo de Carvalho
Description: And reports and offers panorama about the last years of armed struggle in the European country.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T15:30:51-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T20:08:44-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T20:08:44-03:00
Images: [' cropped_cropped_MI_Members_of_the_Irish_Republican_Army_photographed_during_the_1916_Easter_Rising.jpg ', ' a-volunteer-of-the-irish-republican-army-armed-with-an-rpg-7-rocket-launcher-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-1994.webp ', ' an-active-service-unit-asu-of-the-irish-republican-army-armed-with-vehicle-mounted-heavy-and-general-purpose-machine-guns-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-c-1980s.jpg ', ' volunteers-of-an-active-service-unit-asu-of-the-irish-republican-army-preparing-for-a-foot-patrol-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-1994.jpg ', ' 3386.webp ']
Section: Luta anti-imperialista
Tags: ['IRA', 'irlanda', 'luta armada']
Type: article
107 years after the Easter upris, Irish Republicans continue to fight for liberation. Photo: Reproduction
In late February, the action of the Irish Republican Army combatants(IRA), who shot a gun shots a detective inspector chief police from the northern police(PSNI)He showed that the British colony armed struggle did not cease. Republican action occurred less than two months after a IRA pronouncement where the organization indicated that it would conduct an intensification armed against the British crown and its agents in Ireland. The Aodetective attack, which is in a critical condition at the hospital, and the failure of the police investigation, which was unable to arrest any involved, brought the debate on the Irish National Resistance and its development of recent years.
The republican attack on the police took place on 22/02 in the city of Deomagh, County Tyrone, when two Ira combatants ambushed the nasid policeman from a soccer match and shot him with about ten fire -fire shots. The action was claimed by the Irish Republican Army(Ira, also known as new wrath), on 02/26, through a declaration in a wall of the city of Londonderry and signed by T.O. Neill. Onome T.O. Neill has been used by IRA in his statements and appeared in the promotion of this organization about the intensification of the Nairland armed struggle.
Shortly after the attack, at least six people were detained by PSNI Paraimrogatory. Meanwhile, cameras in the region were searched to try to find those involved. From the cameras, the reactionary police officers identified the car used in the action: a Ford fiesta blue, bought weeks earlier in Antrim County and later stored in Belfast, where he had the plates exchanged. Still with the use of street cameras, the Irish colonial doesty agents identified that the car went to Omagh on the day before attack. Finally, the car was found burned in the city of Racolpa, already the boundaries of Omagh County.#
The Path of Irish National Resistance 
 Irish Republican Army Members(IRA)during the Easter uprising.
The republican attack against John Caldwell is another chapter of the Irish people's struggle for his complete liberation. For centuries, Irish annation, subjugated and oppressed by England(initially British pelonialism, later and to this day), stand up to armed uprisings and rebellions against their colonizers.
Year after year, thousands of Irish go to the streets to celebrate the departure uprising of 1916, when Republicans gathered in various military organizations robbed the Post Office Central Station in Dublin and DeclaraMali the independence and foundation of the Irish Republic. It is recorded in the memory of the Irish people, too, the Ireland's War for Independence, when the republicans confronted, with weapons in their hands, the British military and bloodthirsty Ashoordas of the black and tans (Composite British militia owners of World War I exclusively to combat the patriotasirlandes). O mundo inteiro acompanhou o período conhecido como “osConflitos” (1968 - 1998), marked in the history of the Irish nation - and its British algots - as a highlight of its struggle for liberation.
 Members of the Irish Republican Army Conflicts. Photo: Reproduction
 Members of the Irish Republican Army during the conflicts. Photo: Reproduction
 Members of the Irish Army Army during conflicts. Photo: ReproductionUnlike what the imperialists expected, however, the actions of the nationally resistance did not cease. In 1998, several explosions were realized by republicans who dissidents of the Peace Agreement, now realized in the Royal Irish Republican Army(Real wrath, or kira ).Os ataques continuaram nos anos subsequentes: policiais, delegacias, soldadosdo exército britânico, sedes de jornais do monopólio britânico(specifically, bbc )and military bases were some of the targets of dissident republicans.
A survey of and , based on reports of the Irish Republican newspapers monopoly, reveals that at least 138 explosions, pump card shipments, firearm shots, attacks with spear, threats from threats of Death, incendiary attacks, attacks with cocktails Molotovs Outaches through different sources used simultaneously were performed between 2006 and 2023 . Among these attacks, 89 were the pump attacks, 18th-gun-bombs, 15 bomb cards, five attacks with cocktails_molotov_, three incendiary attacks, two death threats, a missile attack and five simultaneous attacks. The main stage of the nationally resistance during this period was Antrim County, where 42 actions were realized.
In the attacks on national resistance, the targets are multiple and all those who represent British imperialism or betrayal to it are distributed. Three groups stand out: those representing the observant occupation, the nation's traitorous Irish capitulators, and “Irish” institutions to British imperialism. Between 2006 and 2023, the patriotic actions of the Irish shot 77 police and affiliates(Police ormetic relatives), 11 British or Irish military personnel, seven politicians of the parties of capitulation( Sinn fine )or pro-union with England, imperialist financial financials, three figures or buildings of the judiciary, two British intelligence figures or buildings, three guardians and one informant. In addition to these, there were 31 attacks whose targets were not identified. Most, bombs left on the road, probably to be fired at police patrols, but they did not shoot and have no confirmed targets.The following year, the National Resistance continued to intensify its actions. The minus 25 actions were carried out by the patriots throughout the year. In six days of July 2010, republican protests shot troopspolisal with cocktails Molotovs , firearm shots and other types of probable.
Still in 2010, in October, a Ulster Bank branch of the English capital was the target of an attack on the bomb. The action was carried out around 11:56 pm, when a 90kg explosive car detonated the imperialist financial institution. In addition to the bank, a hotel has been damaged and two police officers were injured.
In 2012, different republican organizations, such as the real Ira , the republican action against drugs and other smaller groups, said that one would unite a single organization, entitled the new wrath, or only anger. Once resulted, the actions of the National Resistance have continued over the years.
Not only being limited to Northern Ireland, Irish Republicans also carried out actions in the United Kingdom itself. In February 2014, the Novoira claimed the sending of letters bomb to recruitment centers for the brightness in the English cities of Oxford, Reading, Slough, Brighton, Aldershot, Canterbury and Chatham. In the same year, two other letters off the outskirts of maghaberry's high security in northern Ireland, where republicans were enclosed.
 PSNI vehicle was the target of molotovs emmanifestation of the Easter uprising celebration. Photo: Niall Carson/PA
In 2019, new bombs were sent. This time, the targets Foramaeroportos and train stations from London. Bomb letters are oftenuse by the Irish Republicans in their patriotic actions. During the "conflicts", dozens of houses of politicians and government buildings and British press demonopolies were destinations of these artifacts.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/a-incontivel-luta-armada-na-irlanda-segue-pujante/ 
Annalena Baerbock and her "guidelines for a feminist foreign policy" 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-07T15:36:55+00:00
Images: [' 1280x720.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: None
Just in time before March 8th, Foreign Minister Baerbock presented this week together with Svenjaschule from the SPD the new, so -called "guidelines for a feminist foreign policy"
One goal of "feminist foreign policy" is the stabilization of regions of the Third World. The paper says:
" Security Architecture in Africa: We subordinate the African Uniondabe to build one-mediator network as part of the African Peace and Security Architecture. With our projects, we are calling for the training and advice of the mediators. The number of their uses has been quadruplating since 2018. Our demand of the African Women Leader also Networker is also important foundations. " For a long time, German imperialism has been "making" its "contribution" contribution to security architecture in Africa. German soldiers have been stationed for many years of different African countries and with developmental funds in the interest of German imperialism. Whoever deals more intensely with the question of security policy of German imperialism Will is _ "_ Das striving for German imperialism to develop into a superpower - somehow comments on the" White Book 2016 - On the security policy and for the future of the Bundeswehr " from the class level. 
 German soldiers in Mali
In addition, there is states such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar or the United States, i.e. landers in which women are denied fundamental rights, weapons have been supplied for years. These states drove against the Yemeni people among other things and drive the population of Yemen into death. Baerbock also supports the fascist apartheid and settlers regime of Israel, which is dead for women and children for almost daily, imprisoned for years. The Zionist occupiers constantly destroy Palastinian residential builders and make the families living in them homeless.Bureaous feminism, apart from a little language cosmetics, does not bring anything further and different from the double insignificance and exploitation of the woman, but only veils them.
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7527-annalena-baerbocks-leitlinien-zu-einer-feministischen-aussenpolitik 
RJ: street vendors throw stones at agents and destroy three vehicles - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: Revolted street vendors against the campaign of criminalization of his profession promoted by the Municipal Guard (GM) of Rio de Janeiro responded to the cowards committed daily and shot stones at the agents.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T16:42:44-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T16:47:03-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T16:47:03-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['ambulantes', 'Luta Classista', 'trabalhadores informais']
Type: article
Informal workers rebel against Rio Guard. Photo: Reproduction
Revolted street vendors against the criminalization campaign of his profession promoted by the Municipal Guard(GM)From Rio de Janeiro they responded to the daily covadias and shot stones at the agents, hit by them, and destroying at least three vehicles, on the night of March 6, Nobairro de Copacabana.
An agent was sent to Miguel Couto Hospital in Gávea. According to a public order aseprector(Seop), the "intelligence sector" had already identified that "some street vendors planned the attacks against the municipal and seop agents."
The workers' revolt against Mayor Eduardo Paes(PSD)It is not relevant, since the abuses against the street vendors are daily. On the 18th Dejano, street vendors from all over the city of Rio de Janeiro made a great prostrate in the Copacabana neighborhood against frequent aggressions and delayed robberies by GM police. Repudiating police repression, they had a busy road from the tourist neighborhood.
On the occasion, Maria do Carmo, organizer of the United Movement of Camelôs(Barrel)And the workers without rights movement stated to Agência Brasil: “We received videos from the street vendor catching from the municipal guard, losing an ammarking, deposit burst, carrying the whole merchandise. We are having direct merchandise, we are not able to get our market back in the warehouse. ”
Prior to that, on December 30 last year, the worker Silvanifernandes da Silva had been beaten by GM in Copacabana after terresisted to the police attempt to collect their cart with their market. The street vendor, reacting to the violence of the police, was not intimidated a bottle on the back of one of the guards.
As retaliation for the street vendors, on 03/07, one day after ocinfront with the agents, the city of Rio banned, for the second time, a debit of workers in Copacabana. In the operation, the reactionary agents were retention of a total of three trucks with various structures withocycles, as well as dozens of goods.##### RJ Informal Informals were the most sinished during pandemic 
A survey by the Getulio Vargas Foundation(FGV)Social of 2020 revealed that, that year, Rio de Janeiro was the state with the highest informality rate of the country. In the state that year, the informality increased by about 7%, a three times larger medium than in the rest of the country. Already the following year, in 2021, a survey of the same institution showed that informal workers Dorio de Janeiro were the most affected by the pandemic.
While criminalizing and sends GM to beat workers who resort to informality due to agonizing unemployment in Rio, the City Hall Deeduardo Paes(which is for the third time mayor of Rio de Janeiro)He spent quaser $ 35 million in the preparation of the Special Group's samba schools and his desires. This money is intended to convert part of the city into an international space for tourists. Meanwhile, there is no effort to commit to the regularization of informal commerce or to support the city's Owners.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-revidando-covardia-da-guarda-municipal-ambulantes-atiram-pedras-contra-agentes-e-destroem-tres-viaturas/ 
PC 7 March - The Meloni government alongside the terrorist state of Israel who bombards and kills, Netanyahu is not welcome to Italy!March 9th event 
Author: prolcomra
Description: "I met the president of Knesset Amir Ohana. We are firmly against any terrorist force that attentive to freedom, to there ...
Time: 2023-03-07T17:14:00+01:00
Images: [' LaRussa.jpg ', ' Aleppo-aereoporto%20bombardato.jpg ', ' Israele%20attacca%20Damasco.jpg ', ' Jenin%20bombardata.jpg ', ' Meloni%20Netanihau.jpg ', ' Netanyahu-locandina.png ']
Ignazio La Russa, president of the Senate of the Republic
 And what would be the "rights" of this occupant state and its regimetting apartheid? 
Israel Bombarda and kills: 
 --- Aleppo Airport bombed by Israel  --- Damascus bombed by Israel Israel Bombarda Aleppo Airport. Humanitarian aid for ilterreto is diverted
Aleppo airport has been widely used for the delivery of autial areas affected by the earthquake in northern Syria. The earthquakes that had Turkey had a month ago caused more than 50,000 deaths, of which about 6,000 in Syria. triggering a humanitarian crisis.
At the beginning of this year, the Israeli army attacked Damascus' airport, temporarily putting it out of service epvocating the death of two Syrian soldiers.
Last month, at least five people were killed when suspicious of Israeli aircraft hit residential neighborhoods and other Loghidi Damascus.
Today, March 7, 2023
* * At least four Palestinians have been killed and dozen wounded by the Israeli army projects after the employment forces took the refugee camp of Jenin today in the north of the West Bank. 
The Jenin brigade and other Palestinian armed groups of the city said which involving the Israeli soldiers in heavy armed clashes.
Special units have hidden in civilians to take the field to assault the home, states the report. "Military vehicles accompanied by Bulldozer followed the civil car to besiege the field".
Ties Italy-Israel: always in the center(Eni/ Eastmed gas pipeline and next Attack against Iran?) 
 From the Ants site: this kind of contacts, at this moment, lead Italy to be part of the discussion on Iran. The Americans would have been angrier so that they fear that Israel can really
Thinking of launching a surprise attack against Iran without coordinating the Prima with Washington - much less with other allies. And therefore Val the penaricardo that according to a Haaretz scoop released these days, Azerbaijan could allow Israel to use its aviation in the event of an attack against Iranian nuclear structures . It would be part of the military cooperation between The two countries, thanks for support received in the Nagorno-Karabakh. The Mossad would have already Sulterritorio Azero a espionage outpost.
It is not surprising, but it is also worth remembering that Azerbaijan is Unpaese that provides gases to Italy and if it were to be involved in Israeli Urtacco against Iran could undergo retaliation by the Islamic republic. Retaliation that would inevitably put Italian energy security risks("Put at risk", even if it is not said that the possibility is fulfilled). Baku non conferma questo genere dicoinvolgimento.
ENI e il gasdotto EastMed in Israele: 
Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, will be in Italy on 9 Marzoper to meet Giorgia Meloni, president of the Council. 
Rome. Netanyahu is not welcome to Italy!Thursday 9 March event 
 We raise our voice of denunciation and condemnation against the Israeli aggressions and imassacri towards the Palestinian people.
*We denounce the accomplice silence and the unacceptable tolerance of Europe and the international community towards the criminal policy of the Israeli rulers.
\ #stopAPartheid \ #Freepepalestine
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-il-governo-meloni-al-fianco.html 
Armed actions against the British crew 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-07T18:10:14+00:00
Images: []
Tags: None
Category: 'Nachrichten'
Even though British imperialism keeps trying to lame the Irish people's freedom and even tolerates a customs border within its esteratorium, only to avoid a hard border between the free state and northern Irish colony, there are always arming from the ranks of the Irish independence movement . So also in the last months when there were a number of armed actions in Northern Ireland.
On the evening of February 22nd in the Northern Irish Omagh in the district of Tyrone, ambushed ambush John Caldwell , Ein -high -ranking British police investigator. It is particularly in the attack that the police officer was out of service at the moment of the attack.
According to the burger media reports, two masked and armed manners approached the police from behind, who was just about to put sports in the trunk of his car, and grab the fire on him, whereupon the attacker should have been spy in a car that was found for some time. Since then, the police officer has been brought to a hospital, and his condition is described as critical but stable. The Irish Republican Army confessed for a few days later(the British media called "New Ira")To attack the policeman, it was unexpected by which it was a targeted attack against a fusing member of the British reaction.
The panic in the ranks of the British reaction also made it clear that a special unit for the British army team was called for a commitment in Beragh, District Tyrone due to the uncomfortable striking device. As a result, this enforced the surroundings and after three days, recruited the successful "Sometimes "Airsoft children toy weapons.On the one hand, these actions show the liveliness of the struggle for serving Ireland and on the other hand, which becomes clear in the approach of the british occupier how great the fear of an intensification of the fight is. The division of the British Binnemarkt, as well as an immense contingent of soldiers on the space object, is again unable to control British imperialism, the situation in front of its "home" is under control.
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/13-nachrichten/7529-bewaffnete-aktionen-gegen-die-britische-besatzung 
Long live the working woman, oppressed, exploited, but rebel and committed to the revolution 
Author: Frente de Defensa de Luchas del Pueblo en el Ecuador (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: We commemorate the day of the working woman, exploited, oppressed; But rebel, revolutionary, who brings together with man by transform ...
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T19:26:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T19:26:13-08:00
Images: [' 8%20DE%20MARZO%20MOVIMIETO%20FEMENINO%20POPULAR%202023.jpg ', ' 8%20DE%20MARZO%20MOVIMIETO%20FEMENINO%20POPULAR%202023%201.jpg ']
 We commemorate the day of the working woman, exploited, oppressed; Perorebelde, revolutionary, who brings together with man by the transformation of society.
The process of emancipation of women cannot be outside thevolution, of the destruction of all the chains and conditions that Lacolocan in a position of discrimination and exploitation.
In this breast for emancipation, many women assume their responsibilities in the face of the revolution with objectivity and maturity; They deliver everything, until you suspend. Others succumb to the best temptation of bourgeois feminism, dentrampation of the great bourgeoisie that opens the doors to the old-institutionality of the old bourgeois-terraratent state; Not a few remain, such as Guarichas, servile to the bureaucratic road, the delelectorrismo, that of the bourgeoisie by the different nationalities, ethnic groups and all those sectors excluded by semi -feudal and semicolonial society.
What are we a patriarchal country? No, that remained in the past, centuries ago. These exploitation shows evolved into new forms, more elaborate, that are not only in the country that looks for all that is not aligned with their class interests.
Today, by commemorating one more anniversary of the day of the working woman, exploited, but rebel, we greet the workers, peasants, working workers, the whores of the street, the students, to all those who have assumed for themselves the responsibility of Load on your shoulders the other half of the sky to bury every vestige of the old society and build Lanueva democracy, uninterrupted transit to socialism. 
Long live the working woman, exploited, oppressed, but revolutionary and Digna! 
The true emancipation of exploited and oppressed woman will only be possesible in the course of the revolution under the direction of the proletariat! 

[ 
News Source: https://fdlp-ec.blogspot.com/2023/03/viva-la-mujer-trabajadora-oprimida.html 
Activities the past week 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: Earn Folk Media has received pictures of the slogan "Proletary Feminism for Communism!" which is set up in Bergen and posters in Kristiansand for studies of "Marxism, Mariátegu…
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T19:56:22+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T05:55:57+00:00
Images: [' Foto-3.png ', ' DObqvpkHebI1HQp_kX6DCDeyDa-UuC0vuBZkD6bh_RAVaFBu2MpGyWLxrW0-uKfyL8ZL-thvGBkSk8QoRP3VmoYvPVmu3sKrARTe9aguOpwXimFDGbuz4bJ5rOdOOn4RqoFCiTC7YfFwvPJVh0W3nX0 ', ' b54-E7__SiH9rl7nytBDY_7KwOw7RzVaIG2cZyzHsRiO-TgzK4oM9T2vOPNKHX17sy8yyJQAwMq-0DAaDj1_0lAj20AesBosUrQ9Fl_-o7JLIUJ1m9NFpyPTsrGhXiWxt8Jvx2V-G15ePRdNqw16BA4 ', ' 9MNRHyFNARJaXaekanmw_hK6XHaXwwcoN2869zvb4qJmR0fsUOM1CWoThw-GUPQbt5vP50JwSYtU4MjpVTcgb8AwoR9zQuErQW69SOTmJOKqHk78CERwadYZtuQoCS2B8YAYXJuTeq05GoliCZCI42E ', ' GSMIGT1Z1mMVuPBP8oluLkFJ8_d9Qo9Vmn8RO12Lnecn_yEVAEpnWyvtwyif08T45rWb1XrPAzUze6wvOJw2Dckn6PX43U-jCVS6L__dg6Cptp6NL6IJjAEZlDQTCpBUA0DBh7w_YSquhOkPsR8n2Ro ', ' rete_d1cNDA4AXH7LgrM6e_OLsUzcB4Zj2mR5NIfSI62ewYkb02ULmgIAUMyf85mKH0m5zyqBsi6cTg8gho86Tf1dcfOenzMUmOjW-riPv7zns2ncDkzqScjbHBBr2O5mU4Tpb57ZmrU-FJ6_lc1EVM ', ' yNYIbUZ96uprWgRNYx8MNp9kmjwiEEOF23Hvpdv8l4N9Nk_frIFlxuvASwxProlYMwmS-kT1D76zVjwnBGy4qfzP3Xpr5flUMBt7gt3rmkmUeDKhIpoUR4eF6S_NJwPWoR9OrfDHPEOR5iVB2n0eHOU ', ' h0jsa55LuhP7Qv2MNA8Rn3ONsAGgV7iX42_6i6frR8koYhI1wV95DYoaSK1o4fePv5E08ky7TJoxcHFCCXQ7bzhVDNTuI1gJ0cAq3KcOWaVpNFZvg3LW_2VwiuC7Z9RLhm316QxjtJfJlhyyesSLwn8 ', ' 3VdAvImF4L0h6kKEoyRjQL8rLBYMR9HzO7dVlpw4K6fuc1fiqzmdNbHWtx4_POXmsC6IjxhV_VnHhSKx8hSNHBwhyVbzcfDDq845eO6E7OG7IwSDMGfGncgdyRs_dNXz7zZ9do_xfdBfuS3_B3eMhNs ', ' I02cqLZrpUgHHIjuRPDf8GMU-3cWyFdvEZkE0GchDx5Bwkt9960WpgQ_jFNDsz4RlICNyTB0C6UxzKMQzsUgUvu52xPlPC_YoPntjsq_5GmZr16zSKv64cL0b6aOTiCftMDoCWLUTI9rgng9he_XJPM ', ' Za24BvbuuNz0maDVQQeWcSTS6BbIgwCgnTop8rAQ8GCExeMD7ryHN8I7-qFm9-gUMO5sSSLAFXYNtnO_UQ2bhqcvqwnbu7RaJg34n4azNzx2DmIxfHZk7K9q5-C2jAD6GQV2WdYDOfWnWEZSOyB3MyI ', ' Q8BgV3g0EhuEBJgRZRU7N6d6topKfe4i5qjqlno1uY0MGkz0VfDq19MtnsBz8anqKV-htNIfAP-IXdGIlC-T6i4dWJO0mfj0Jqx62xa-Mb2nZM6W_KuN0etc9P_V6_H3TnIcLBmJFKDH-UpRGt9WsCI ', ' nkYttVk8TM5Ais9HqxBOeERvyOhCb_G6-jnd_0DeDk7g5EpQnCd9jT91be4SV0CoiCDVPUCW27Wd5Vo1n1XgbJHADKiYOs9E3nzqS8exJb6m4bDTZ8Pa5fCDYtGopoQfeuiOain_sgC_JItRyMklR5g ', ' ibd22srSyPQYgrBM-EcWJKZoOowEogXWQummUH5vUdT9tv3FvdlIXqxVU9AOJqzAwU6gv7cAMFmTNtx73XjBGYTxN7M9L1MFtHCk04nlCrelr4A2kJUQf-_6noaGDlvV6LY38J3Z2VFOm3VJwnRiI3Y ', ' xIQk-Vpg4fTleY3yvanfvUFpqt3OryselhwvFYjlO1ohb8yPP8ozG9l2SnmkVx6UyKYUrF7cAVb3JSp9pcv_QowvRbCl-nCU-Hv3n3H6OuUx92KoNMTPw-0v7JEItpmFmRVFXUIH4v8giUYmwm40RFU ', ' pVwrAc60IhU9phwsnxgs7iOyydUsfe6y32Gl7sxjwqCjLcPMvIbSKbBAflg5T0bc1s9DR2kk5IvQsp2RpBhiuhG2QBgVHqqKtf6v1_SlLCuVQQimq62qPHhzlC5-aQVlhQik7WwQjZC5aeUDTjiH5BE ', ' KkUCKXJ5sYLgXvf0YG7m73c_G_RFtqUv2lcW1rVZbvT-ieITVbrNqjWGhdOruOLwo1LOWEfBJGLsLt2AyI50x6tkyppf0pTdK3AElEegE4ojGKZB9WqgeM7R8RERCEruZG9Uj85_gExiS-q2zvpAGdU ', ' q1NKVpX9CFxKYXTCM5PUQqtTG0IjsMuNni_TKu0gf-dQWz25ac2Sxh76mXT1LSR4d8odB6g4l-8M610sgQcJVoo5L3QFO8MqUFraBLjtqbIVvt8PqZ1M2-Jj_lWDjo5fIGHWojfkgCPu9u-ap1dn6-k ', ' _65haDlKlJRzqyP7KOYEVQQXJe73KcPMMJALFPksZfauKL_id5YjzqsPquCnqj9P168csTOzPj5Kz0H9_ou04zgiNHjYUg6SgcmP_1_On3_0syB26uW7kcfrb5hNbBXYq5NqO5qODLKWOcFfC1t7YA4 ', ' hAlLWw1j3DVclk32BQktKxogWHvY5HEQFiT6RcS3QPmn1moFEMkyWyuL5-RPKDyq00q5ETjreiqAOffQZNsGpMPhpo7MvG4ScdSA7SimA135wncKHpDqNBGnvvrMoKWqWLEF_S_YeimAfyMLWfqDKgo ', ' bn5ne-XxTHtPQ8CZAD2Ni1CnSnprTAWtyuzwjrOCn-yQtsVkvxk01qIMF0hRBpm6GV6ykMHDdB_Pc1EC9eCm3tyG3VngJ0tihLy7JUm_QgeGjos54PbyG_FPYfcxmKvpPIka7DdbhgXUcrt-a6YkYy0 ', ' 2VuLIkQLr5TEpcQoXql_nVGmHSwLhOwDoPdy2KGdXtUtB2YNX8S4RxPJzaOfDv2ZjU2HC7GDcj9H5cDLyZPpGJEiSkwnZfBWvZXOSrPG-p1w6BvjQJjpc6qMNDkhFkNhRjJCC7tnc4xPNScapCIMQWo ', ' UTPmFcLKDsSX7Xuj2bvwFZHoi87FnJFgR2YxkPtfVw6ooeCuTBxtEEclWANCLCVrOMGiqNreZEvL3Skg0__CH-Z3Ar_RJsUoS6_T3_jUcq1OQuEeNGQ4dX8La5rcXjM-8-k1ATvj81w3ctWlSGewSDA ', ' ovYolwi56PFkBw9tNNbiqRRxaRHGQxhCLvZvwnBX06Oewjrs5K8emfEB5N3Aovx17HAKMnq6M1DFTJ1IS2HMYZemk3Wj7Md4rCv3G1BG9qhAQpleVkHA5WGzviCz13SoRsR42JgSnhe1BTzzrELok0Y ', ' VjT2UqDTkAwk2KucEFz68empNncyt1anTZoCHLHs6FWRf5k83Z23vqDWpCztDAd6CBbJ-yDYPzllMi5ZzKXSPBttZ3CGPy-Id-LgFgDgU5V-5gqekA8izg2s7srnwgIdiWE0B-Vecw5fhAAcNlYw368 ', ' 6oA8uTq4HVSrt04_12nzOYyohBr8q4BB8d86A-hCsiuaTX-hU2gxlII5sK1j2JVVlM2kvXByPdWl4nyGsWDMFC1tniiWSA2VMJQMq15LILuRxZdPX3sUW2NQOqgbGNSPRP-K0jXY5IOvfftjv6z-Ilw ', ' FaBZ6W7qdxgji_LnOT6_X9AWMN8a5zkJLR1fb7vS97mjkRF1ht9Y8-ASXuPmWKZTzIdfYVyPkvati8GGrCHSAlOtI5o_uU1EIypbqUro5SXCcunezWloP5Xo2ZQCzOj3PYUL3GOaJYtymyveZy3VuWw ', ' OEJeSAFBnsK5zNIiu2BxuEanP97mgppRJ48bL9c8DEX3-ediJjReq2prVQLXhh8iQjN7lRFwPmVrYdsGp331wP8rw-bCjG8ibszzK-9kUoWHAzLSZmGBv164csDzCFaT6KePOlkdSE27ILwuw1QAiWg ', ' Bsw57MpX809wko7OiNkrHsvW7noWxfWC7WT_UxkNSKlGaw3fxNRHglvXX2p8J3xxoPCmEpk6T2zC7P4VKgNDjfoN5UrfUqUs51ctzv0CHWnEGnpsUpIMy7CuEKiaqAJB9lNaOO5ap7cbbqx84WKhyQM ', ' HoIKrXJv2lnm0jR5F9eGkHdgcX7o9cop1Fq0xVGu-OD_t2S8f6q7CLydiaIld8LZINCMGoeqNeXQoQSs449cqAjatuURCTCUYI6ODTaF0X96Gp2R_BNa_aBYKE-pjzctc0Pe20Ig3Tlk-Gy0kBqjvE4 ', ' rGRvVesT2eJ1Eiza1nK5zap5Ct8o5Eo1IrhztKwYPojaLgor08VwCtfVMYZ1nEKeGyGwbMBVLpDWJsgQVjT50MlGxfFWFgSgeGiAuqseOgL4dspB1MIsCbmymgAtDdXhp41UGuHBFW5iA_okFM2Zwqw ', ' hoguWtzdZrvzdEi8_ZB7oZzhnEsCpI_sLWVdLjnSBykYP278aw42ea4U0rrINS5996QJgyApEPnfqUVnKwf114mMH46vf7fgBZAFJnpjSuYlpRNbIJ2HuBe7Yum-YOQjfvGOP15zZ0AmB2C8_Wn-oVg ', ' hAO7uxIyx5xTZaur9sE1st3qvwsDEjHmk7yNfmKHP4SQkePKIoodzYPJ4LwIx7uokauB8RzPHIxjTmuluy3FyhbR0Epef9FCBwJ8rTDDJz0vEYybw5rMPgu2tfi_3aM4MLpEY6K2GqdBiqTRL6J3EWs ', ' srzfbjGT9ajUOq7TQmS9rQqSBnCMFevucBJdKrGUwtVv3s3y40c47YFUfsR19FKMqTJzBcEJdgx_jCN4cTSblEEldKWFDIYtSVkLSP8E3fMkVi3Vr03T0dvoFSfK3lr-S_PweybA9rBTgy3lFhedrDY ', ' S-fxDRcW0fbQVkjtWjIjoEz7vyZOppO4uQsmjbPKU71LrBc_td7vhywKKXPCBSSDAWEf56TPEyv0qg7Ms_DKFsLkPAr6Nid3qXzK585uOfMHuE9eIQOrRKTVVRjTT9C3HncyIxENPYmgKgLxrew1bPI ', ' izqXFNCwg889SBB97yZmsG2osy09anjjk_c1aGcsbic52uh3c4vpVr91wKNgRF_q-78nwLNXohFqj6qOWxml-5nCg8yZC1Co0V206p5n4bIPuBpiaZaY3eTJrswIPYR1GQe37xyvHRyP3J6D8ZF44zI ', ' hVxu1JsmlL5-8Zv7HSW1wnqiMDIKGsY-PLG_mDXXoT6JP2GJUu0X7d5BHVBRuIRHJrzinEDKtwxqG5SCH38yW3NbuuYUdQR35Vp2HLBsw_WnmKtwplnxGlNfjgw9_NkVpKg4HVc75i0MTf_wBbunCEY ', ' m-_CV3QF7LRTE-Net0IdDViPM4YfgGAwDU3n_rrmfCOcGklWZ0AyWIOy9Scbl1Y3Ltf7bbfsCpCxbu0tHzNhmpqMah2yvT42CR6dRRDqEBpdoy2EigEnsBDOfKI5QU3b-q4VTxARHJnidV_dJxyl0w4 ', ' XVYUJkSfEB0Vwb9DUpAZnftcHu7WkXC_NuMhsfoACgUl3aSmlB1JvLS1wMme-zRDDwJNhFaQXzTQn6_rHz9mQmxV8rEn9sa5Lvnwyq0b0sdxwsxqWOQ12ByGaBhJXRSlD3mqD8O4WBbe-40wRFTla6w ', ' D0MmiZucaZ9Ir75vfXJz_gZJ4aE-yF5-dU5xmt4CXwHKgavx2S3fworjHG28xunTcPqkEgsW2L9wNKchL4kd6anSzBmtVPR-BzUX-HGhPSlp0DjKDRI21IHTNo_01Z7btruS1ABUC8c4XE6Ip33drYg ', ' e4fHn9h_EpWBChdI5nZCLWQGU0gwK7CWFEB6ADbHP7I9W_cWc1-jyhAH7p6m7-saXEOs4MPDORudsOmiRUw343NpPQbnicCg_ABRt76RDNN3i8vrkGA9CKckTHggWzYg2eY9zGaSo_zHFMW3OOSbTcU ', ' Oyc91rAeaiCc53GQJEK4KH8LNZBY1OWED-fW19if3-_f763WFdIhfotHiCWoCVfYl_9GtW0y7kPwVVTRGa5xrDVbgRKrXi0NRhVDk2wFQPDxF9fIEU5_pXJxGJ1Lhz0tRgmbOmsYGbqyeJeAIkTPfoA ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Aktiviteter'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

Earn Folket Media has received pictures of the slogan "Proletary Feminism for Communism!" which is set up in Bergen and posters in Kristiansand for the study of "Marxism, Mariátegui and the Women's Movement". . March. 
Contents
Bergen: graffiti for March 8 
The slogan "proletarian feminism for communism!" Together with Hammer and Sigder painted right in the center of Bergen.
  
KRISTIANSAND: Join the studies of Marxism, Mariátegui and the woman movement! 
Activists from the Red Front have set up posters in the center of Kristiansand Co -request to join in study.
"Marxism, Mariátegui and the Women's Movement" is a work of Peru's Communist Party, led by chairman Gonzalo. It has had great
meaning, and is used to this day as guidance for the Communist's
Women's work in countries all over the world. "Marxism, Mariátegui and the woman movement" is a guide to politicizing, mobilizing and organizing the women's women in a revolutionary women's movement. The text explains the women's oppression has occurred, why it exists, and how denkan and must be crushed as part of the proletariat's liberation.
Interested parties can contact the red front at rodfront@protonmail.com.
TRONDHEIM: Demonstration against animal time and Russia's war against Ukraine 
On Saturday, March 4, a demonstration was held in Trondheim against the Animal Time of Odrussia against Ukraine. The fighting committee, revolutionary communists Ognkp was connected to the markings.
Activists lined up with banners in front of the stage at the square in the center of Trondheim, and appeals were held by representatives from revolutionary communists and the campaign committee. Support was expressed for the Ukrainian people's fair fight against Russia's imperialist attack war. At the same time, the at background was established for the war is the imperialist rivalry between the United States, and that the so-called "help" NATO country sends to the Zelenskyj regimetics come for free. In both appeals, it was also emphasized that the workers and poor people pay the price for the crisis in capitalism.
    
kristiansand: Live the struggle of the Sami people 
On Saturday, March 4, the combat committee, together with a number of other organizations, organized a support mark for the shareholders who have protested the Department of Obilities and Energy in Oslo, which has been carried away by the police, fined and arrested.
The markings were also in support of the rights of the Sami people, the headwind turbines at Fosen, against the government, which for over 500 days ignored the judgment from the Supreme Court who said the wind turbines affect the reindeer to such an extent to the right of the At the At the Attam. .
Several appeals were held on the square, and the markings ended with a train through the center.
OSLO: Meeting for March 8 
4 . Mars was the fighting committee of arranging a meeting on the working women's day. More Iranian organizations participated, including: Solidarity with the Revolutioni Iran, Iranian Kurdistans Komala party, the Middle East Group Alna district, Hiwa(Hope)Organization, the women's committee in Komala-Norway, Komala Kurdistance Organization by Iran's Communist Party, Iran's working communist party, Iran's working communist party-hekmatist.
The meeting was opened with an instrumental of the international. It was performed music, shown clips from Iran and gave several posts and speaks in Norwegian, Farsi and Kurdisk. Sandwiches and cakes were served and the room was filled with listeners and participants. It was a good atmosphere and the participants left the meeting with enthusiasm for8. March.
   
posters: Out on the street March 8! 
In the past week, posters have been set up for the Martial Committee's markings 8. MARRIBLE PLACES IN THE COUNTRY. The match committee poses with passwords in the March 8 train ioslo, Bergen, Trondheim and Kristiansand, and encourages people who will help to participate with them to make contact , or show up at their meetings and markings:
Oslo: 17.00 in Greenland square. Bergen: 19.00 by the blue stone. Trondheim: 16.30 at the top of Nordre gate. Kristiansand: 16.30 at Torvet.

Grünerløkka, Oslo 
phrase Vennesla 
     #
CHEET AND LILLESTRØM 
    #
CRISTIANSAND 
  #
Trondheim 
ve Grønland, Oslo 
   References Trondheim: Demonstration against animal time and Russia's attack war against Ukraine Kristiansand: Live the Sami folk struggle Oslo: Meeting for March 8 [Posters: Out on the street March 8!)(https://kampkomiteen.net/?p=5861)
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/07/aktiviteter-den-siste-uka-22/ 
New translation: "Marxism, Mariátegui and the women's movement" 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: Earn Folk Media is very pleased to be able to publish a new translation of this great Marxist work, on the occasion of the Worker Women's Day on March 8.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T23:04:29+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T05:38:34+00:00
Images: [' Foto-4.png ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Teori'
 * 
Av editor in the Earn Folket Media. 

Earn Folket Media is very pleased to be able to publish a new translation Department of large Marxist work, on the occasion of the Worker Women's Day 8 March. **
This classic work provides a basis and guidance for women's struggle and women's organization. It presents Marxism's analysis of the women's question, how women's oppression has arisen and how it can be abolished.
We published " Marxism, Mariátegui and the Women's Movement »The first time in 2018, but this translation had significant errors and deficiencies. Therefore, the new translation is important and correct. We greet this new translation and encourage our readers to study this work thoroughly.

Contents
Foreword to the other Norwegian edition, 2023 This other Norwegian edition includes an afterword of the publisher red tab. The order word summarizes and highlights some important points from the text, and here the publisher decides how the text should be used today. The post -word also also deals with the concept of mansipation versus liberation, Simoned Beauvoir's "The Other Gender", philosophical idealism in the feminist movement and the question of proletarian feminism. 
The first translation into Norwegian was published by the Earn Folket Media in 2018. Our position is that it was good that it was done and that this is the mains side, but that this translation unfortunately had a number of errors and shortages. Throughout, there are problems with the political content not clear enough, that some places have simply been changed. In addition, both English and first Norwegian translation lack the declaration of principles, programs and the introductions that are included in the Spanish second edition of 1975. The goal of this second translation is to rectify these errors as much as we can. Our most important principle in the work on the translation has been the political content. By the way, we have wanted to make the text -available and understandable, especially with regard to studies, and that is the reason why we have included some footnotes. The Spanishoriginal text contains no notes, and thus all of these are without exceptions. We also have, according to our own afterword, including a short order list, sources we have used and a personal register.
There are many quotes in the text, and in this second edition we have done ethnic work to find already existing Norwegian translations where Vikan pick up the quotes. This includes the quotes from Simone Debeauvoir's "The Other Gender". This choice means that the language in the quotes can separate a lot from the rest of the text, among other things, are more in Nynorsk. Denest also bears that there may be some difference in the content of the quotes in Norwegian, and the Spanish translations in the original work. The quotes of chairman Maoser out to be translated very differently in Norwegian and Spanish. We encourage the reader to be aware of this, but in any case focus on the essence of the some parts and the whole of the text.We warn our readers against the English version. This is presented as a translation from Peru's People's Movement, a generated organism from the party Ford's foreign work, but we doubt that is true. We generally warn counter sources that are not verified when it comes to the party's documents and statements. Huge amounts of disinformation are spread on the Internet. For example, Catalina Adrianzen as a writer in the English translation on Marxist -Internet Archive, but this is, as far as we know, wrong. The document is hospitalized sources only signed by the Central Committee of the Peru's Communist Party. We do not know of any other party documents that are credited to individuals' like some do with this text. We assume that there are political motifs baked this mistake, and not just ignorance.
A number of words in the document, which were translated differently in the first Norwegian translation, may seem strangers to some readers. This applies, for example, to words such as construction, organism, incorporate, generate and negate. These concepts are widespread in the classic philosophy and logic, and in part in political science and law. We find these words at Plato Ogaristoteles, Kant and Hegel and so on. Words such as concentric, axis and impulse are we in the mathematics and the natural sciences. These words are scientific concepts, and we see it as a mistake to try to "research" these. Regarding the term "emancipation", we refer to the afterword for some considerations repetitioned.
An important concept for Peru's Communist Party is the word "rivindicar" or "rivindicationes", which is used in several places in the text. The word is similar to the "revindicate" which means to defend or recapture, but it is difficult to translate directly into Norwegian as it is used in the text. We interpret the concept of synonymous in fighting for their rights, and in the text translated it to "requirements" and "day requirements", as it seems to be about the people of the people's daily struggles for rights and all the impact -confronted political and economic requirements. "Day requirements" are an incorporated concept of revolutionary movement in Norway.Sentence build -up has been a distinctive challenge for us. Norwegian and Spanish erspart different when it comes to length of sentences and structure The deposits when using joints, commas and semicolon. This is also not common in the academic language. We have tried to find a balance between keeping the original, but at the same time working for readability in Norwegian, dividing some long sentences.
Finally, we emphasize that errors and deficiencies in this translation are fully and her own. We hope we have made this great work available to Norwegian readers with this work, and emphasize that it is important to understand and defend, but that the most important thing is to apply Marxism-Leninism-Maoismed by fighting for a class line in the women's movement, to create single-revolutionary Women's movement under proletarian leadership.
January 2023 Publisher Red Tab 
_ proletares in all countries, unacculted you!_ 
"For a class line in the People's Women's Movement!" 
Marxism, Mariategui and the women's movement 
Central Committee Perus Communist Party
Second edition: April 1975 
Preface to the new edition 
The tightening of the class struggle in the 1960s gave a new impulse to women's movement development in this country, a situation similar to the one that originated at the international level. So far, this decade clearly shows that the question of women's semanship1 has become one of the important issues in the political struggle - and the years to come will further emphasize the importance of the female masses in the big struggles ahead of us.
The UN has declared the year 1975 as "The International Women's Year", and "the Denperuan woman's year" has been declared in this country. Thus, this year, specially important for politicization, mobilization and organization of women - a task in which the bureaucratic and democratic lines will fight hard to organize women, respectively, to serve the yielding classes, or democratic to serve the people.
In this context and with this perspective, the previous December woman organizations met that under the tab to fully resume Mariáteguis2vei has been fighting for several years to politicize, mobilize and organize our women's fatherland. This is how the national coordination committee for the People's Women's Movement 3 has arisen, and with that is a new stage in the development The Women's Fight in the country initiated: The People's Women's Movement has entered the stage of co -organization at the national level.With this publication, we initiate writings for women's emansipation, a sinking series that will mainly address the various ideological, political and organizational issues that arise in the construction of the organizational people's women. The acute necessity of this is very important, and it becomes even more important if we consider how little attention has been devoted to the question of the issue of the masses of the masses in this country.
The National Coordination Committee People's Women's Movement
INTRODUCTION 
The woman's question, which from the point of view of Marxism is about emansipation the woman, becomes more important for each passing day, which among other things turns out that the UN decided to make 1975 the international year for women, by dementia on dementia publications that are now circulating on the subject, and of transcendental important , by the increasing mobilization of the masses of women across the world.
In our country, too, we have seen for several years that the mobilization of women has gained new impulse, which is manifested, among other things, the organizations' multiplication, and in the eye -catching and growing interest in the women's question that is expressed in publications and propaganda. It is obvious that larger incorporation of the women in the production process and sharpened class struggle in the country, densentral raises the question of the politicization of women as an indispensable part dismissed people's revolutionary advancement. It becomes more important when we remind the Omden big Lenin's words: "If a revolution is to be successful, it is dependent on the great extent that the women are in him".So when the case is presented like this, a question arises: What type -woman movement should be impulsed and supported? It is a vital issue with those who defend and spread bourgeois feminism to the beating drum. There is only one answer and there is concrete: a real people woman movement can only be constructed and developed from the working class position, based on Marxism, and as part of the people's liberation movement when the woman's emansipation depends on. Therefore, a people's women's movement can arise if it is based on Marxism-Leninism, as in our fatherland chief based on Mariátegui's thinking. The conclusion is that the development of Peru's deflection movement depends on resuming Mariátegui's road, which promises the policy of emancipation of the woman and lead this ideological-political struggle as part of the controversy to put Mariátegui's thinking in command managed people. In this way, we protect ourselves from bourgeois feminism, counter -paratism, which, by setting women against men, breaks up the organizations and splashes the masses. Consequently, it is only by following Mariátegui's peculiar policy for women's emancipation, that it will be possible to create women's organizations and women's sections in the mass organizations, as Amauta4 suggested the prejudice associations, to strengthen and develop the mass organizations and serve the struggle for people.
Within this line, the People's Women's Center develops and, as our practice disagrees, fights and work we work(Conscious of the acute need Politization of Peruvian women, which are withheld by oppressive social conditions that are derived from our position as semi -Føydal and semi -colonial nation)In order to create and develop a people's women's movement in Peru, a task -if fulfillment requires long -lasting and hard work that makes it an assignment for the work the center devotes to, together with other associated organizations from different parts of the country. And, in the synthesis, this movement that serves to conceive is simple and easy a movement generated the proletariat among the female masses, characterized by the follow -up mariátegui, developing as a mass organization and binding by dendemocratic centralism.This is the spirit that fells us, and if we manage to impulses the polemics out of the scope of the fraproletariat, in the service of the politicization of the Peruvian woman, our determined efforts will be richly rewarded. In any case, the deproletarian ideas that are never lost, no matter how long it goes to the harvest, as Lenin said it. We stick to this and trust the Peruvian woman and our people.
People's Women's Center
Marxism, Mariategui and the women's movement 
i. Marxism and women's question 
The woman's question is an important question for the struggle of people. And its importance replaces today because activities to mobilize women have been intensified. One mobilization that from the working class's point of view and in service to population masses is both necessary and fruitful, but which when it is driven by and raised for the yielding classes seems like a split Element and etheer for the struggle of the people.
During this new period of politicizing the female masses that we develop into, on the basis of a larger financial participation of women's land, it is crucial to pay great attention to women's issues when studying and research, political incorporation and consequently organizational work. A task that requires that we never forget the Mariáteguisstore thesis that teaches us that: “Women, as men, are reactionary, center or revolutionaries. Therefore, they cannot go to battle on the same page. Individuals today's human landscape are separated from each other more of class than by gender ”. Thus, a scientific understanding of the women's question already requires the beginning to necessarily that we take a distinctive starting point the scientific worldview of the worker class: Marxism.
Over the centuries, the yielding classes have been evoking and maintained the theory of an "imperfect female nature", which has served to year -rounding the oppression that women experience until today, iac associations where exploitation continue to prevail.These approaches were inherited to the end of the Roman slave society to the Middle Ages, where they were intensified by the Christian thinkers' contempt for the woman and accuses against her of being the source of sin and the Assembly of Hell. Tertullian screamed: "Woman, you are the devil's gate. You have persuaded the devil did not dare to attack from the front. It is because of you that the Son of God dies; You should always walk around dressed in mourning and rags ». And Augustinav Hippo: "The woman is an animal that is neither firm nor stable". At the same time as Diss brought accusations, other women sentenced inferiority and obedience. Like, the apostle Paul preached of Tarsus: “For the man was not made by the woman, but the woman of the man. The man was also not created for the woman's sake, the man's woman for the man's ", and" as the church subordinate to Christ, women's subordinate to his men in everything. " And hundreds of years later, in the 13th century, Thomas Aquinas continued with the same proclamation: "The woman's heads man ... The husband's head is Christ," and "it is a fact that the woman is erected to live under the man's dominion and have no one Own authority ».
Understanding the position of women made no significant advance development of capitalism, even though Nicolas de Condorcet pointed out its social roots when he said: "It has been said that women ... no real rights sense - that they sound their feelings rather than their conscience ... it's not Nature, it is education, it is the social life that causes this difference "6. And the great materialist Diderot wrote, "Women, I feel sorry for you!" And “In all customs and use, heartlessness in civil laws with nature's evil against women. They have been treated as foolish beings. ” Rousseau, the foremost ideologist of the French Revolution, stated: "All education for the women must relate to the man ... The woman is created to give in to the man and to endure his injustice". This bourgeois stage continues to apply until and the co -epo Where imperialism is reactioned more and more, and it unites with the Christian position in repeating old theses, as in Pope John Xxiii's judgment: "God and nature have given women various tasks such as perfect and the complementary work entrusted to men".Finally, it is appropriate to point out that even such a significant materialist thinks as Democrit had prejudice against women("A woman who is familiar with logic: a terrible thing", "a woman is far more inclined to pean into evil than the man"). Og at hennes forsvar ble basert påmetafysiske og religiøse argumenter (Eva means life and Adam means soil; Create the man has the woman become better complete than him). Og at selvborgerskapet, da det var en revolusjonær klasse, bare vurderte kvinnen iforhold til mannen, og ikke som et selvstendig subjekt.
Utviklingen av kapitalismen inkorporerer kvinnen i arbeidet, og slik skaperden grunnlaget og forholdene for hennes utvikling. Med inkorporering iproduksjonsprosessen får kvinnene mulighet til å forene seg mer direkte medklassekampen og militante handlinger7. Kapitalismen bar frem de borgerligerevolusjonene, og de kvinnelige massene, særlig de kvinnelige arbeiderne, bleherdet i disse og avanserte.
Den franske revolusjonen, den mest avanserte av revolusjonene som borgerskapetledet, ga god grobunn for kvinnelig handling. Kvinner ble mobilisert som endel av massene og gjennom deltakelse i de politiske klubbene utviklet derevolusjonære aksjoner. I disse kampene organiserte de et «Revolusjonære ogRepublikanske Kvinners Samfunn», og gjennom Olympe de Gouges krevde de i 1789en «Erklæring om kvinnens rettigheter» og skapte aviser som «Den utålmodige»for å kreve forbedringer av forholdene for kvinner. Gjennom utviklingen av denrevolusjonære prosessen oppnådde kvinnene avskaffelsen av den førstefødtesfortrinnsrett og avskaffelsen av de mannlige privilegiene, de oppnådde densamme arveretten som mennene og vant retten til skilsmisse. Deres deltagelse ikampen bar altså noen frukter.
In the French Revolution, one can clearly see how women's progress and baking are closely linked to the progress of the people and the revolution and the return. This is an important lesson: There is a coincidence between the interest of the women's movement and the people's struggle, because the former is a part of the insisted.
Likewise, this bourgeois revolution shows how ideas of women follow the process similar to the one we know from politics - the revolutionary upswing with withheld and fought, and reactionary notions of women As "the father of sociology," stated that femininity is a form of abortive childhood, and that this infantile biology is expressed in intellectual weakness. Balzac wrote: “The woman's fate and her only honor are getting the heart of the men to beat ... The woman is a property that one gets through a single contract; She is movable property, because the property requires a legal basis; In short, the woman is only a supplement to the man. " All this reaction was summarized the following words from Napoleon: "Nature wanted women to be spring slaves ... They are our property ... Women are nothing but machines for open -produced children"; In this way, he personifies the notion that the woman's life -shell revolves around "kitchen, church, children", a motto Hitler followed in this year.
The French Revolution raised its three principles of freedom, equality and brotherhood, and it promised justice and fulfillment of the people's requirements. It quickly -fed its limitations and that its statements of principles were only formal declarations, because its class interests were the opposite of the masses - body, hunger and injustice continued to rule, only in new forms. The outopists put out a crushing and sharp criticism of this situation, but due Of the historical conditions, they could not recognize the root of the misery. The utopian socialists also condemned women's positions during capitalism. Fourier, a representative of this position, stated: "The transformation of a historical era is determined by the attitude of advancement ... The degree of emansipation of women is the natural scale of the general emancipation".With its increasing incorporation into the production process, the woman continued through the 19th century to develop the struggle for her demands by uniting the fellow associations and the revolutionary movement of the proletariat. An example of this participation was Louise Michel, a fighting9 for the Paris municipality in 1871. The human movement was generally oriented in the direction of suffragism, the struggle to accommodate female voting rights, in line with the false idea that their rights would be fulfilled through voices and places in parliament. In this way, feminist activism channeled into parliamentary variety. It is important to remember that you did not get the right to vote for free, but that women in the previous and at the beginning of this century had to lead an open and -putty battle to win it. The struggle for and achieving female voting rights once again shows that although this is a victory, this remedy that makes a real change in the woman's position is not possible.
The 20th century involves a greater development of women's financial actions, as there are many more female workers and skilled workers, and in addition to more and more officials; The women make their entry into all areas. World wars have been of great importance to this process, because dein -corporated millions of women in the economy to replace the men as blemobilized to the front. All this was an impulse for the mobilization, organization and politicization of the women, and from the beginning of the 1950s, the women's struggle was again initiated, with even greater force, and then Åbre itself throughout the 1960s with a great perspective for the future.##### 3 . Marxism and emancipation of the woman 
Marxism, the worldview of the working class, understands man as a set of a dispensing social relationships that change according to societal development. Therefore, Marxism is in absolutely contrast to the thesis of "human nature" as something eternal and unchanging, regardless of social conditions - a standpoint that is idealistic and reactionary. The marxist standpoint also involves going further than the mechanical materialism(Degamle the materialists before Marx and Engels), which was unable to understand the social and historical nature of the understanding person as a transforms the harvest, and instead unconscious fell into metaphysical or spiritual ideas, as was the case with Feuerbach.
In the same way that Marxism understands man as a concrete reality -generated historically by society, it also does not accept the thesis of a "female nature", as this is just a compliment to the so -called "human nature" and that it only repeats the notion of the inemates Has an eternal and unchanging nature, with the aggravating circumstance, as we have seen, that idealism and reaction understand "female nature" as a "deficient and inferior nature" compared to the man's.
For Marxism, the woman, just like the man, is nothing more than a set of dispensing social relationships, which changes as a result of the changes in society in society's development process. The woman is thus a social product and her transformation requires transformation of society.
When Marxism looks at the women's issue, it is made from the standpoint of dendialectic materialism, a scientific view that makes it possible to achieve a complete understanding. In the study, the study and understanding of the woman and her position, Marxism addresses the women's question in relation to real estate, family and state, as the woman's historical location and position IDen historical process is closely linked to these three questions.
An outstanding example of concrete analysis of the women's question from this perspective, we see in the "family, private property and state's origin" of Friedrich Engels, which points out that the maternal law's compensation of the father's right is the Beginning of the Subordination of the Woman:This section of Engels states the basic thesis of Marxism related to the woman's position: Women's position is maintained through the property conditions, ie the forms of ownership of the means of production, and the through production conditions based on these. This Marxist thesis is extremely important because it states that the oppression due to the woman's position has its roots in the formation, emergence and development of the property rights, and that her emancipation is therefore associated with co -destruction of the destruction of the said right. In order to acquire a Marxist understanding of the women's question, it is necessary to start from this big thesis, and in day more than ever, because alleged revolutionary and self -declaration marchers pretend that women's oppression does not emerge from the formation and the growth of property, but only out of the simple division On the basis of gender, which has provided less important tasks to the woman than to the man and kept her within the home's sphere1. This approach, despite the all -propaganda and all the attempts to present it as a revolutionary, involves replacing the Marxist position on women'semansipation with a single -bourgeois approach as a fundamental point of view is nothing but the alleged "female nature".
By developing further from this dialectical materialistic starting point, the teachers of the teacher's gang are how the monogamous family was established on the above basis, saying: “It was the first family form that did not build on nature, But on financial conditions, namely the private property's victory over the original and nature -grown joint property » . And: “ The parlyscape 12 thus in no way enters the story as a single -relief between man and female, and even less as the highest form of single reconciliation. On the contrary. It emerges as one gender oppression of the other, as the announcement of a contradiction between the sexes that until then was unknown in the prehistoric time. "(Family… The underlining is the spring road).
This scientific approach, systematized by Engels, is a product of the Marxist analysis of women's position throughout history, and the most elementary study fully confirms the correctness and validity of the approach, which is the basis and starting point for the understanding of the working class class. Let's do a historical review as the edges as examples of what Engels and the classics stated.
In the primitive society, based on natural division of labor by age and gender, the lives of men and women spontaneously developed with equality and women participated in the decisions of the social group. Furthermore, women were with respect and consideration, and experienced reverent treatment and even and participate. As soon as the wealth began to grow, which increased the man's position in the family and pushed forward the replacement of maternal law with the Court of Government, the woman began to end up more in the background and her position was prejudiced. Echos of this sounds to the Greek playwright Aiskhylostid, who in his work "Evmenidene" wrote: "It is not the mother who breeds it mancalls her children; She only nourishes the sprout planted in her depths; The one who breeds is the father. The woman receives the spire as a foreign manager, and if the gods will, she retains it. "
Thus, we see that the female position in the Greek slave society was characterized by submission, social inferiority and that it was the object of pre -contempt. They said, "The slave is completely deprived of the freedom to meet decisions, the woman has it, but it is weak and fruitless"(Aristotle), "The best woman is the men talking at least"(Perikles), and husband's goods a woman who asks him for public matters: "It doesn't rack you. Tistille, otherwise you get a ... tissue your cloth ". What kind of reality Erdisse the words express? Greek women were made for eternally unauthorized - the underpin to a custodian: his father, husband, husband's heir or the state, all his life under constant custody. They got a dowry so they had somewhat to live and not starved, and in some cases they could take a separation. By the way, they were devoted the women's contempt in both the home and the society, always subject to the individual authorities. The woman could inherit if there was a man who was a direct heir, but in that case she had to marry the oldest relative within her father's Gens. She was no direct heir, just a means of transferring the inheritance, all to defend the family property.After the twelve boarding Act13, the fact was that the woman belonged to both her father's gentleman's gens(Also this for the sake of strict reasons related protection of the property)Reason for conflicts, which in turn created the basis for a step forward in the Roman "legal emancipation". The "Sinmanu" marriage 14 occurs, where her assets remain dependent on the guardians and where her husband only becomes guardian of her person, but also this one divided with "pater family", who retains his absolute authority his daughter . A family court is established to resolve the voting as a father and husband, and thus the woman can go to her father for eelous disagreements with her husband and vice versa - "She does not belong to one -individual" .
On the aforementioned financial basis(That she takes part in inheritance even if she is under patronage), and because of the competition between the sweaters of the father and the husband of the right to the woman and her assets, the developer rooms more participation in society, despite all legal limitations: "the atrium" occurs, a home control center, where the slaves' work is controlled, and where the education of the children Lead and she exerts influence them up to adulthood. She shares her husband's work and burdens, and is counted as co -owner of his property. She goes into companies and on the street she has an insert to cross the road in front of even consulates and magistrates. The importance of the Romanians in society is reflected in the role of Cornelia, Gracchernes' mother.
Through the Roman social development, the competition is displaced by the state, by taking over the battle issues associated with the woman, divorce, adultery, etc., which is hereafter carried for public courts and the family of the family. Later, under the laws of the empire, the abolition of the women as a result of economic and social needs. The woman gets a fixed dowry(A private father's heritage)that never goes back to the jacks(descendants on the male side)And also does not belong to her husband - as well as she gets a financial basis for her own independence and development. During the last days of the republic, the mother got recognized rights to the children's line, and in bad behavior the father could lose care and she or unauthorities could take over it.At the same time as the state "emansip" the woman to the family, it puts her river under the custody and imposes legal restrictions on her. Next to her social advances, a campaign against the woman in Rome, who is initiated and legally legitimizes her subordination with "women's gender and frailty".
The woman was better in Rome at this time, than the woman had had it Ihellas. She won respect and even great influence in social life, which we see from Cato's words: "Everywhere else it is the men who control the women, but we who control all the men, we are ruled by our women". Roman history has in a unique way highlighted women; From the Sabinian, Vialukretia and Virginia, to Cornelia. On the transition from the first to the other century after our time, however, the satirists are developing criticism of the woman, not the woman in general but the women of the time, and the juvenal blame for the skier and greed, to make claims on men's tasks and interest in hunting and sports.
Roman society gave women certain rights, especially property rights, not fully opened for social activity and even less for participation in public cases, a participation they had to develop "illegal" and co -restrictions. Therefore, the Roman matrons often sought other areas to use the energy.
When considering the female situation during the growth of slavery and the rise of the slavery, one must look at the influence of Christianity and the contribution of the Germans. Christianity did not contribute little to the oppression of women, because in the church fathers it is a clear contempt for women, as they see at the end of the man, as the man's servants and as the root of all evil. For what is said, we can add the Holy John Chrysostomos: "Among the all -wide animals, there is no more harmful than the woman". During this influence, the advances in the Roman law are first limited and tendoned.
The Germanic war communities made the woman's situation secondary as a result of less physical strength and power - but they were nevertheless respected and Hadder rights that made them the man's federal trap. Let's remember Hvordantacitus describes this: "Both in war and peace she shares his fate, with Ham liver, with him she dies".As in Rome, we can also see a development of the woman's position in feudalism, as a result of the fact that the rights of the feudal lords are limited in favor of the royal power: Mundium is transferred from the Føyal Lords to the King - the custody of the custodian to a burden to a burden to the custody, but it maintains the subordination of the unrest .
In the troubled times when feudalism was in formation, the woman came in an insecure - there were no clear boundaries of the right to sovereignty or property, neither public nor private. The woman's position was changing and enhanced or aggravated according to the changes of society.
First and foremost, the woman is denied private rights because she does not have public rights. Until the 11th century, strength and weapons are composing through the social order and constitutes the direct basis for the privacy properties: For the lawyers were a lean "a land area that holds a duty to do military service" and the woman could not possess a feudal area because she was Unable to defend it. When the leness becomes a part of the father's heritage(According to Germanic norms, women could also inherit), this also involves female inheritance - but this does not improve her position, the woman must still have a custodian who safeguards her rights, so it is still the man who runs the leness and enjoys the fruits of it. Women just a means of transferring dominion, as in Greece.
Føydal Eiendom is not kept within the family as in Rome, but belongs to the lord, and also the woman belongs to the lord and it is he who chooses her husband. As it is written: “A female heir is the same as an earth area and etching Castle: The freers fight for this The prey, and the young girl is often only twelve year olds even younger when her father or her lord gentle gives her like a gift some baron. " The woman needs a master who "protects" her and the rights of her. As the Duchess of Burgundy said to the king: "My husband Ernettopp death, but what does it serve to grieve? … Find a mighty husband, because I have good use for someone who can defend my soil ”. In this way, her husband had tremendous power over the woman in the family, treating her mindlessly, mistreated her and beating her, etc., and his only commitment to punish the wife in "a sensible way", liked some codes of childhood upbringing today.The movement of the literary women grew in the 13th century, and its journey from south to the north increased their prestige; A development that was associated with coatliness, romance and the intense Mary worship in this era. But "although the intestine of the woman's fate, it does not change the basic," as S. de Beauvoir says in "the other gender", a book where one can find plenty of information about the woman's story; Facts that are clearly useful, independent of the author's existentialist beliefs. It is not the ideas that change the women's situation basically, but the economic basis of the server to maintain it. As the lens scheme went from being a rights -based on military service to becoming a purely economic obligation, we see a single -improvement of women's position because they are fully able to fulfill a single monetary obligation; And thus, the right of the Lord is repealed to devote its vas allors and the custody of the women disappears.
In this way, the woman gets the same rights as the man; Whether she is a venue or a widow - if she possesses a lean, she has it and performs the dead administrative duties that belong to, and she even gets the command of the command and can participate in battle. But the feudal community, like all, assumes societies based on exploitation, that the woman is subordinated in marriage and the denectful power persists: "The husband is the wife's guardian" is the preached. Or as Beaumanoir said, "As soon as the marriage has been enforced, the estate of one and the other is joint by virtue of marriage," the clearance of marital oversight.
In the feudal society, as in other societies where yielders ruler, be the Segslavere or Capitalism, what is said here if women have been prevailing and prevailing to this day; But it is necessary to emphasize that the poor woman's relationship in the face of marriage is another and milder situation. Rotatil This condition we must find in the economic participation of women's folley classes and the lack of large assets.This historical review provides examples of Engels 'and the classics' teaom the social roots of the woman's position and their connection customizing property, family and the state, and it serves to confirm it and help us to see its validity clearer. All of this leads us to the Enconnel: The need to take a permanent position on the working class position and use it to understand the woman's question and participate in that solution, and to reject, determined, and consistently, distortions of Marxism's tesis this peculiar question, and to combat conceptions of notions This erutdated, which is just an attempt to replace the proletarian understanding of this front with a bourgeois such, to lead the women's movement's promotion on wild tracks.
After uncovering the woman's social position and the historical development traits in connection with the private property, the family and the state, it remains to be addressed the question of the woman's emancipation from the Denmarxist standpoint.
Marxism maintains that the development of machines incorporates women as well as children, in the production process, thus doubling the number of hands that can be used, the working class family is destroyed, the women are physically broken down, and the morally and marital of the dedish in the many disorders of the exploitation.
Karl Marx wrote in his analysis of women's and child labor: “To the extent that muscle power makes muscle power, it becomes a means of using workers without greater muscle power , or workers that are less physically developed, but with more flexible limbs. Women's and child labor becomes the first slogan by capitalist application of machines. This very remedy to replace work and workers, thus immediately transformed into a means to increase the number of wage workers , to put all the members the supplementary family under the immediate dominion of the capital, without regard to gender and age. The forced work for the capitalist not only conquered a children's playground, but also the free work in the home circle of the home, which, according to SED and Custom, was carried out for the family's own needs. ”"By the fact that it is women and children who are largely added to the declared work staff, the machines eventually break down the resistance of the male workers in the manow invoice was still able to travel the counter -capital's despoti."(Capital, Volume I, the highlighted words are in italic Ioriginal.)In the continuation of his masterful analysis, Marx describes to us how capitalism even uses female virtue and a sense of duty for her own gain: "" Mr. E., a manufacturer, told me that he only employed women at sin -mechanical weaving chairs. He prefers the married women, especially such with single family to support. They are far more attentive and willing to learn than unmarried women, and they strain their powers to the utmost to provide the necessary for life. In this way, the virtues, the woman's characteristic doors, are turned to the detriment of herself, - so all that is conscientious and nicely in her nature is transformed into a remedy for bondage and suffering. "(Note 57 from above cited volumes and edition of the capital.)But at the same time as capitalism increases the dividend by incorporating the woman in production, it creates a material basis in this process in this process in the struggle for his rights for her rights, and it becomes a starting point for her emancipation; As Engels showed in "Family ...": " The relief of women presupposes as a first terms The re -incorporation of the entire female gender in the social industry, which in its tourist is that the individual family no longer constitutes the economic unit of society"(The underlining is our). Dermed blir det åpenbart at kapitalismen, forå tjene sine egne fremtidige interesser, bereder grunnen for den fremtidigeemansipasjonen av kvinnen, på samme måte som den skaper sine egne banemenn:proletariatet17.
For Marxism, yesterday as today, the politicization of women is the key issue for their emancation, and the classics devoted peculiar attention to it. Marx taught us: “Everyone who knows the story, also knows that large -scale community upheavals are impossible without the female fermentation. progress can be measured exactly at the social position of beautiful sex »18(«Letter to Kugelmann», 1868). Og for Lenin var kvinnensdeltakelse enda mer akutt og viktig for revolusjonen: «Erfaring fra samtligeav frigjøringsbevegelsene bekrefter at revolusjonens suksess avhenger avgraden av kvinnenes deltakelse .» (Our highlight)Thus, it is true that the development of the class struggle, and the tightening of the coming day that goes by, along with the concrete social conditions for revolutionary struggles in the imperialist conditions, present and more immediate politicization of the woman. This is why Lenin himself, in the middle of the World War I, when he predicted the future struggles of the working class that was necessary to prepare, would fight for "17. Abolish all and the restriction of women's political rights compared to men, without exemption. Explain to the masses The special importance associated with this transformation in cases where war and scarcity make the crowds troubled and wet political interest and attention, especially among women. ” And he lifted that “it is required that we fully develop systematic work among dissentic masses. We need to educate the women who have managed to break out passivity, we have to recruit them and arm them for the battle, not just deproletarian women working in the factories or struggling at home, but also the farmers and women in the different strata of the small citizenship. victims of capitalism. ” __ With these words, Lenin politicization of the woman demanded a struggle to assert their political rights, the need to explain the masses the importance of incorporating the women politically, the necessity of working with them, educating them, organizing them and preparing them for all forms of battle. Finally, he emphasized orienting towards the working women, without forgetting the importance of the peasant women, and housing women from the different classes or layers that are exploited, as Dealtle can and should be mobilized for the popular struggle.This leads us to the question: How to achieve emancipation of the woman?
By examining capitalist society, and general society where exchange and oppression prevails, Engels could confirm that there is suffering, inequality and subordination among people, and he highlighted the women's question by pointing out: “Equally, it is also not the man's and women's equality in marriage in marriage Legal terms. The legal inequality between Dementia, which is inherited from previous states of society, is not the cause, but the effect of the economic oppression of the woman. " And he continued: “The woman's liberation will only be possible when she takes part in the production to a large social scope, and worked in the house only to a negligible layer on her. And this has only become possible through the modern -day industry, which not alone allows women's work on a large scale, but also also shouts at her, and which also more and more strives to transform this -privatized housework into a public industry »19.
This confirmation from Engels, taken out of context and separated from the other phrasing frame "family, private property's ..." serves that some pseudomarxists and falters make violence against his ideas, by claiming that the incorporation of the woman's financial process is sufficient to produce her heremansipation. Engels states that the incorporation of the woman in the productive process is a prerequisite, it is the basis for the woman to act for the mansipa, but this requires a socially ending to the housework -owned swallowing and holding back the women. This means for Engels to destroy private property rights to the means of production and develop large -scale production based on the socialization of the means of production. It is good to be very clear about Engels' thesis here for, as I said, there are those who in daylates that they find support from this classic to distort the Denmarxist position of the women's question and only require, in favor of the pre -exchange classes, that the woman simply should just Participate in the economic process, and obscure the root of the women's oppression, such as the era property, to bypass major production based on socialization and destruction of private property.Lenin examined the situation of the woman during the bourgeois democracy and also similar to the one she has during the dictatorship of the proletariat; An analysis that fuck him to establish: "Long, not for decades, but for several centuries, deisom has been included in all the liberation movements in Western Europe demands that claims should be removed and that women and men should host the same Law. But none of the democratic states in Europe, not once the most -delivered republics, have managed to make a clearance of this claim. The chairmen hold on to their special rights all cities where capitalism prevails, everywhere there are private to earth and factories. "
"The Soviet power is the power of the working people, and in the first few months she was created, she started a very clear revolution in the gift gift that applies to women. In the Soviet Republic, there is nothing to do with the deil laws who put the women in an inferior position. I talk especially about the deil laws who took advantage of the crazy position of the women and put them in the ownership, and often even a degrading position. It will say the lawship of divorce and children born outside the marriage, and the woman's right to the Åsaksøkja her grandfather to get entertaining "(The tasks of the worker's tube in the Soviet Republic).
Fra denne sammenlignende analysen, trekkes den konklusjonen at bare denrevolusjonen som bringer arbeiderklassen til makta i allianse med bondestandener i stand til å etablere virkelig juridisk likestilling mellom menn ogkvinner og enda mer å håndheve den. Men som Lenin selv lærte oss, er dennevirkelige juridiske likestillingen som initieres av revolusjonen, barebegynnelsen på den langvarige kampen for hel og fullstendig likestilling isamlivet mellom menn og kvinner: «Men di grundigare vi har rydda grunnen forleivningar av gamle borgarlege lover og institusjonar, di klårare ser vi at viberre har rydda grunnen, men enno ikkje teke til å byggja».
This is how Lenin and Mao Zedong responded in advance to the distortions from the Opportunists and the Pseudo developers of Marxism who are currently trying to distinguish 'teese and create confusion about the working class's standpoint.
Marxism understands the struggle for emancipation of the woman as a long -lasting victory -rich struggle: “This fight will last a long time, and he demanded a radical restructuring, both of societal technique and morality. But this struggle will end when communicism is finally winning. "(Lenin, the International Worker's Day)The aforementioned shows, in the essence, the identity between the struggle of the denialary women's movement and the struggle of the working class the pre -construction of a new society; And it helps to understand lenin -speaking words, as he jellyified the work women to develop the deinters and funds the revolution led within their reach: “Vice -owned that the workers say liberation is something that the workers themselves have to do. Night the same way, the working women say liberation is a case for the women themselves. "(The tasks…)This is the central theses of Marxism in the question of the woman's emancipation, politicization and position; Positions we prefer to transfer so much with the help of quotes from the classics, because these views are not sufficiently known and because the authors expressed them so masterful and consisted that we are exempted from the burden of giving them a new language suit, especially we recognize their whole and complete validity. Furthermore, the day's attempt to distort the Marxist views on the question of the Marxist views also that we spread the classics' own words.#### II. The woman's question at Mariátegui 
50 years ago, Mariátegui, with her sharp revolutionary view, acknowledged the importance of the women's question in the country and its perspectives("Peru Ersvanger with the first feminist movements ..."); He devoted two important works to this question, "woman and politics" 21 and "the feminist requirements" 22, in addition to many other contributions that can be found in his scriptures. It is crucial to wait back to this source, because the Den containing the Peruvian working class's stand on the women's question; Ogenda more because this question is a little known and studied aspect of Mariátegui's work.
José Carlos Marátegui taught us: "In our time, one cannot study the social life route to investigate and analyze its basis: the organization of the family, the woman's situation" and through studies of the emerging Peruvian feminist movement, he said: "To this movement neither can nor should men who can Facing the major emotions of the era, alien or similar. The woman's issue is part of the human question ”.
Therefore, let's never forget that the working class in this country ever since sitting political emergence, has devoted attention to the woman's situation, established a stand through her great representative, and provided fighting support for the women's match, as shown by the textile workers and drivers' solidarity The employees at A. Field Company, the Field Company, in the year 26 23.
What female development was this attention? The woman's situation in this country has changed significantly in this century and specifically after World War II, although the position of the peasant woman has changed much more slowly than for her sisters, who have become workers and officials, and have experienced a faster and deeper change. It is obviously the woman's presence has conquered more and more positions in society.In the same way, universities were prohibited for her up to Hennestilitis for the first time are marked in the 90s in the last century; In 1908, women were given the right to be enrolled and take degrees by university trains to practice professions. Thus, we see the contempt for the woman and the social delay of her clearly within education. But co -changes in the 20th century increase women's access to education and professions, where they especially go to the teaching profession; And only after the Second World War we see greater diversity in women's professions. The university studies that could be counted at the beginning of the century on one hand, today, make up almost 30% of students at the country's universities.
But what really means a change that is deep, radical and has big perspectives, is the incorporation of the woman in industrial production: This year the proletarization of the Peruvian woman begins hand in hand in hand in hand production of the machine and the development of bureaucrat capitalism, and mid , do we see the situation that Marx also described we quoted earlier, a situation characterized by the atinic corporation in production makes the woman work, which opens the process of the politicization of the Peruvian female masses; Women's participation in the fields are initiated, the women join the battle for salaries, eight -hour working day and working conditions, they participate in the popular struggles with demannent workers, against increased living costs and prices, they develop sinking sinological understanding and, ultimately, become Peruvian women's police militiors for the working class , in the midst of the revolutionary battle.« Women from Lima , surrounding cities and villages gathered at a major-public meeting on Sunday 25 May, 1919, in the Neptuno Park, have reached the following decisions:
That it is no longer possible to accept the unbearable situation with animal life and rent and everything one needs to live, which weighs on the people. 
That the Peruvian woman, who in all civilized people, has understood that her great task is to take action to solve the economic and social problems that concern her. 
And therefore:
First, to join the requirements of the meeting held Ialameda de los Descalzos on May 4.
Second, if these requirements are not met, a general strike is declared in all industries , leaving the men's committee for reduction the expiration costs to determine the date of this. "(Martinez de la Torre, notes for a Marxist interpretation of the social history of Peru, Bind I, Lima 1947.Uthevelsen er vår egen.)Another chapter in this story of the women's struggle was written by Socorrorojo24 against the persecution, the repression, the prisoners and the blood bath that loose the dictatorship of Sánchez Cerro, for the defense of the rights and freedoms of the people and especially the proletariat.
In these righteous struggles, the woman became even more politicized, or traction, as an indication of the correct perspective, we must emphasize that the declinable masses through these unfolded their actions inextricably linked to the interests of the assembly that are their own, and with direct connection and support the fight for the working class , which is their own class.
In the synthesis, the path the Peruvian women have gone in this century and the isisty part of the foregoing are characterized by their broad incorporation in production during bureaucrat capitalism that gained its impulse from North American imperialism and of the expansion of their access to education, especially universities. This is the basis for the birth of the first feminist forces in this country, a phenomenon Mariátegui describes with the following words:It is on this basis that Mariátegi develops the Peruvian proletariat's position to the women's question in this country and establishes the general line in this question for those who want to be based on Marxism. Let's look at the basic questions from this position.
The starting point for the study of the women's question from the position of the Peruvian proletariat requires that it was believed that in this country representation Mariátegui's application of Marxism-Leninism's universal truth on the concrete conditions of a recurring and suppressed country, enforcement as a scientific. And semi -colonial character, and that a national democratic revolutionary has unfolded here since 1928, through a long and hard process, where the highest stage is still waiting. This is the basis and guidance Formariátegui's thinking and it is from this understanding that one must address all matters and all politics that he has established, including those that deal with the woman's question.
Thus, Mariátegui is based on the semi -flooding and semi -colonial character of Peruvian society to assess the situation of the woman, which already means that from the beginning he rejects the theory of a "female nature", the woman understands as a situation or relationship derived from the social structure, Where it or this develops and illuminates dendynamic, the changing character of the female situation and the detrimental role the work has for the woman's position in society and the pre -performance about her. The following section is very important considering this point.In her development of the thesis that the woman's position has social roots, Establishmentmariátegui that there is a difference between Latin and Saxon women25 by establishing the causal link between the fellowed basis and the woman's behavior and the variation: " The Latin woman lives more carefully, with less passion. She does not have the urge for truth. The Spanish woman is above all highly and very practical. Waldo Frank defines her precisely cohabiting accuracy. 'The Spanish woman, he writes, is a pragmatic in love. She sees the love as the means of creating children for heaven. There is no place in Europe a woman who is a minor, less amorous. The young woman is beautiful, fresh expectation Color Herk and enlarges her dark eyes. For her, the marriage is this elevated state she can strive for. As soon as she is married the innate of the innate spring -born covetis as the season: Instantly, she becomes wise, thick and motherly » (Signs and works, Rahab Av Waldo Frank).
Det som ble sagt om den spanske kvinnen gjelder naturligvis ogsålatinamerikanske kvinner, inkludert de i vårt land, og det er et uttrykk forden kvinnelige mentaliteten generert av den gamle og nåværende halvføydalebakgrunnen som ennå ikke er overvunnet. Men i tillegg til dette fremheverMariátegui den fremmedgjørende mentaliteten som yankee-dominansen preger denkvinnelige mentaliteten med, når han analyserer relasjonene mellomimperialismen og de undertrykte nasjonene i Amerika: «Limas borgerskapfraterniserer med yankee-kapitalistene, og til og med med deres simpleansatte, i en Country Club26, i tennisen og i gatene. Yankeen kan gifte seg,uten hensyn til rase eller religion, med den kreolske señoritaen, og hun haringen nasjonale eller kulturelle skrupler når hun foretrekker å gifte seg medet individ fra den invaderende rasen. Heller ikke middelklassens unge kvinnehar slike skrupler. ‘ Huachafitaen ’27som lar seg erobre av en yankeeansatt i Grace eller Foundation28, gjør dette med tilfredsstillelsen til ensom øker sin sosial status». (Anti -imperialist point of view)29.
In this way, the woman's position in our society is characterized as the woman's subordination on a social basis on and with root in semi -sequeline and half -coloniality, and thus all performances are rejected based on so -called "inadequate female nature".Is this description valid? Yes, in its being, the Labor's situation is densely: Increased exploitation in more and more parts of the production, which in noent cases are really malicious. The woman's work is used to lower the lowering, because she is paid less than male workers. The laws that should protect women are not followed and obscure only the labor hostility to the false friends of the proletariat. The need to defend the work women's s) is also very relevant.
Similarly, Mariátegui goes through the conditions for working indigenous women in the countryside, saying that they and their children and husbands are forced to "execute the services for landowners and their families, as well as for the authorities". .
When it comes to petty bourgeoisie, after highlighting the problems of the women's in this class, Mariátegui's analysis of the teachers in the elementary school earns to cover how their social surroundings, the proximity to the people and their full -time dedication to education, shape their attitude and spirit, and make them "" Lighter the ideals of those who create a new social order ", because:" Dogs no interests with the capitalist regime. Her life, her poverty and her work associate her with the proletarian masses. " He plans to turn to them because "the voter wants to recruit more and better elements among their ranks".
As we have seen, it is the case for Mariátegui that industrialization cancer the woman in the work and changes their position and spirit. He strokes the classics out the double situation this entails: "About women's advancing on the road to emancipation in bourgeois-democratic surroundings, actually provides the capitalist cheap labor and the male worker en-factual competitor".(The previously referenced manifesto.)On the other hand, while revealing that the French Revolution contains elements the depreciation movement, he defends the form of Babeuf, the equivalent leader of the equal, who he considers "a defender of the requirements of the feminists," when he expressed himself in accordance with this: "Do not put a mouthful on this The gender that does not deserve at all ... if you do not count on women at all in your republic, make dudmen into small monarchy lovers "and" this gender as men's tyranny always harrowed, this sex that has never been unimportant in revolutions "."On the other hand, the French Revolution established a regime of political law for men, not for the women. The declaration of human rights32 can just as well be called the man's rights. In the bourgeoisie blowing women far less included in politics than in the aristocracy. Civil Democracy was an exclusive male democracy. But anyway, there had to be very advantageous for the emancipation of the woman. Den capitalist civilization gave the woman the funds to increase her capacity and improve her position in life. "
With certainty, we are asked what the bourgeoisie is doing for the woman: Even the OMD is able to create conditions for her development, it is unable to emancip her. Mariátegui knew this very well. Despite its restrictions, capitalist developments will open the door to second activities for the woman, including the policy, and especially in the 20th century, where it happens to such an extent that it becomes one of its families. He points out and highlights the contributions of many women customized, literature, art in general, struggle and politics. This is how Hanoss teaches how to judge well -known women and women from different classes, by pointing out both merits and deficiencies, and that the mainly in the case is to highlight how it has contributed to women's progress.
A central and very important point in the Mariáteguian approach to the proceedings is the thesis regarding the women's movement, a question that should be in three: feminism, politicization of the woman and the organization.In "feminist demands", Mariátegui presents the Essence of the Women's Movement: "No Exchange is surprised that not all women unite in a common feminist movement. Feminism has necessarily different colors, different trends. One can basically distinguish between tree trends in feminism, three clear colors: bourgeois feminism, petty -bourgeois feminism and proletarian feminism. Each of these feminism formulates its demands in different ways. The bourgeois woman's feminism solidarizes with the interests of the conservative class. The proletarch woman's feminism is in accordance with the revolutionary crowd in the future of society. Class struggle - as a historical fact, non -theoretical claim - is expressed in feminism. Women, such as men, are reactionary, centerers or revolutionaries. They therefore cannot go to battle on the same page. Individuals in today's human landscape are separated from each other more than of gender » .
This is the essence of the women's question: The class character of the full -woman movement. And we must have this in mind, today more than ever, with Dennye impulse to organize the women. A lot of groups arise, which largely ignores or obscures their own class character, the class they serve, and clothes that they will unite women to make demands against men, in all -service, without distinguishing between classes, for a "humanistic, christian and so -solidaric" alleged transformation of society, and which goes through different forms of unclear or confused classroom points. The decisive question is therefore to once again reveal the class roots as the gearing sea to each group, organization, front or women's movement, to reveal views and show who they earn, whether they are really on the party with the parties or not.
These points lead us to a crucial question: according to these principles, what class criterion and what orientation should be followed by the icanning of a women's movement that serves the people. Here, Mariáteguis position is enlightening and concrete: "Feminism is, as pure idea, in its creature revolutionary" . And to him, revolutionary in his essence means proletarian. Thus, the whole women's switching, which in theory and practice intends to realize the people and the revolution, be a women's movement that follows the proletariat, and to follow the proletariat today, in our fatherland, to the consequential of the fatherland."The women are largely, as a result of deficient or completely absent -political education, not a renewal force but a reactionary force in the day struggle."(Figures and aspects of world life).
Dette er tydelig nok, men det er riktig av oss å stille oss selv spørsmålet:Hva består denne politiseringen av? For grunnleggeren av kommunistpartiet: åbestemt og kjempende inkorporere kvinnen i klassekampen, å mobilisere henneforent med folkets interesser, å integrere henne i klassens og folketsorganisasjoner og å danne kvinnenes egne organisasjoner, og å forme henne iarbeiderklassens ideologi, alt sammen i tilslutning til, under veiledning ogledelse av proletariatet. Kort sagt å inkorporere kvinnen i politikken, iklassekampen, under ledelse av arbeiderklassen.
Om ORGANISERING AV KVINNENE . I henhold til marxismens lære har ikkeproletariatet noe annet våpen til å konfrontere sine fiender og kjempe forsine klasseinteresser, enn organisering. Dette prinsippet gjelder også forfolket, som bare er sterkt om det er organisert, og dermed gjelder det ogsåfor kvinner, som bare kan kjempe seierrikt om det skjer på en organisert måte.
«Tilstått og dømt som marxist» anvender Mariátegui disse prinsippene påkreativt vis. Han var særlig oppmerksom på arbeidernes organisering, som vikan se slått fast i det nevnte «Manifest for CGTP»34:
«All denne oppsamlingen av ‘ulykker’ som tynger den utbyttede kvinnen larseg ikke lette på, uten at de støtter seg på umiddelbar organisering . Påsamme måte som at fagforeningene må fostre sine ungdomskadre, må deskape sine kvinneseksjoner, hvor våre fremtidige kvinnelige militante vil bliutdannet »35.
Mariátegui uttrykte den samme opptattheten da vedtektene til den nevntesamorganisasjonen, skrevet under hans ledelse, la til rette for å danne enpermanent kvinnekommisjon på nivå med eksekutivkomiteen. Dessverre ble ikkedisse retningslinjene iverksatt korrekt i praksis. I stedet ble det til rentfagforeningsbyråkratiske tillitsverv, klassifisert som «kvinnesaker» ellerlignende betegnelser, om det i det hele tatt finnes noe som helst, uten åomfatte kvinneseksjonene i fagforeningene organisatorisk, og det forblir enoppgave som gjenstår å løse.
Senere, den 4. mars 1930, gjorde kommunistpartiet følgende vedtak:
«For det første: Å etablere et provisorisk sekretariat for å organisere densosialistiske ungdommen, under partiets direkte kontroll 36.
Third: Both secretariates will fight for The immediate organization of youth of both genders, to educate them politically and ideologically, as a stage to prepare their entry into p 37. "(Martínez de la Torre, previously quoted, Volume II, our underlining).
Her konkretiseres altså Mariáteguis tese om nødvendigheten av å vieoppmerksomhet til organisering av kvinnene, inkludert på det mest utvikledepolitiske nivået, og han uttrykker sitt standpunkt til spørsmålet omorganiseringen av kvinnene slik at det i siste instans er et spørsmål om åorganisere dem under ledelse og kontroll av arbeiderklassen og dens parti. Enslik tilnærming leder med nødvendighet til at vi spør oss selv, i møte medenhver kvinnegruppe, organisasjon, front eller bevegelse: Hvilken klasseorganiserer kvinnene, hvordan og for hva? Og vi må aldri glemme at dissepunktene bare lar seg løse tilfredsstillende, altså for klassen og folket, medutgangspunkt i arbeiderklassens standpunkt.
Disse tre spørsmålene: feminisme, politisering av kvinnen og organisering avkvinnene, og de tesene som Mariátegui har etablert om dem, må konsekventstuderes og anvendes, for det er bare på denne måten vi kan utvikle en sannfolkets kvinnebevegelse.
Til dette punktet holder Mariátegui, på samme måte som klassikerne, fast vedat med kapitalismen og dens industrialisering «avanserer kvinnen på veien motsin emansipasjon», men at hun innen dette systemet ikke engang oppnår reelllikhet for loven. På grunn av dette må en konsekvent kvinnebevegelse gålenger, og må på denne veien med nødvendighet forene seg med proletariatetskamp. Denne forståelsen gjorde at den store proletariske tenkeren i vårtfedreland slo fast: «Den feministiske bevegelsen oppstår med markant støttetil den revolusjonære bevegelsen», og at selv om den ble født som liberal,blir feminismen først realisert med revolusjonen:
«Født ut av en liberal livmor, har feminismen ikke kunne fortsette gjennom denkapitalistiske prosessen. Først i dag, hvor demokratiets historiske gangnærmer seg slutten, oppnår kvinnen samme politiske og juridiske rettighetersom mannen. Og det er den russiske revolusjonen som først eksplisitt ogkategorisk har gitt kvinnen likheten og friheten som Babeuf og de likestilteforgjeves krevde av den franske revolusjonen for mer enn et århundre siden ». (Feminist requirements).
"As the new socialist system replaces the system of individualistic -quadrical luxury and feminine elegance ... humanity will lose some luxurious females, but will get many women. The clothes of the woman of the future will be b, less conspicuous, but this woman's situation will be worthy. And the axis of female life will be moved from the individual to the community ... In short, a woman will cost less, but be worth more. "(Women and politics).
I tillegg til disse grunnleggende ideene, befatter Mariátegui seg med andrespørsmål som er tett forbundet med kvinnen i særegenhet: skilsmisse, ekteskap,kjærlighet osv. Han behandler dem med raffinert ironi og med skarp kritikk tarhan stilling til dem. Men som en god marxist fokuserer han ikke så mye på demat han gjør dem til hovedsaken, for å gjøre det er å glemme hovedkampen og detgrunnleggende målet, noe som vil forvirre og desorientere den revolusjonærekampen.
Så langt har vi lagt frem de sentrale tesene i Mariáteguis tenkning omkvinnespørsmålet, hvor vi har hengitt oss i stor grad til sitater av sammegrunn som da vi la frem det marxistiske standpunktet tidligere i dette verket.
III. FØLG MARIÁTEGUI OG UTVIKLE KVINNEBEVEGELSEN 
Av alt ovenfor tvinger det seg frem en konklusjon: Mariáteguis tese ikvinnespørsmålet er et resultat av en konsekvent anvendelse av marxismen-leninismen på de særegne forholda i et halvføydalt og halvkolonialt samfunnsom vårt. Om dette er det, generelt sett, ingen uenighet. Selv om en åpentilslutning mangler, samtykkes det tilsynelatende i det minste med dennekonklusjonen ved å tie. Men spørsmålet er ikke hvorvidt Mariáteguis tenkninger en korrekt anvendelse av marxismen på dette landet, det sentrale spørsmåleter kun hvorvidt hans tenkning er gyldig i dag. Dette spørsmålet trer i dagfrem slik, at for å slippe å knekke sine spyd mot den enorme og stadig økendeprestisjen til Mariátegui, blir dens gyldighet trukket i tvil, under dekke aven tilsynelatende anerkjennelse, ved å legge vekt på at det er gått mer enn 40år og å reise, feilaktig og utspekulert, behovet for å ta med i betraktningen«den kreative utviklingen av marxismen for å komme videre».
So we see that Gonzalez Prada, while pointing out and condemning woman's oppression, emphasizes the important role they play and that it is necessary to treat the women's question, and advocates the emancipation of the Visit. Women, and he believes it is possible to emancip women undercapitalism focusing on the individual. His ideas are important as a contribution, as in other topics, to the study of the women's question in this country.
These ideas become more conspicuous when we see almost 30 years later that Jorgebasadre claims:
"Gregorio Marañon has claimed that the essential task of women's love, while the essential task of the man's work is ... That's why the boy's child prefers to play with soldiers, a symbol of battle, on the effort, on the will of the dominion, while the pike child prefers to Playing dolls, a precursor to the mother role. By virtue given by nature, the trekker's charm, even when she is not mestiza 40 , someone other than the hosing women on other latitudes with her own fruity or vegetable taste ... At the same time as one has in the man's highest superiority, and the American mind vegetates under Still and decisive influence of Europe, the man Iamerica is largely inferior to the woman ... In short, American honor is lost counter depleted ... A woman from America who is representatively beautiful can, on the other side, be of interest where it should be "(Peru: Problem andposibility, Kapittel XI). Her kommer det reaksjonære standpunktet så tydeligfram at kommentarer er overflødige.
Om de herskende klassene gjennom Basadre taler til oss om en «kvinnelig natur»hvor essensen er kjærlighet, uttrykker de seg i 1940 gjennom Carlos MiróQuesada Laos på følgende vis:
With Basadre, the dividends postpone the women's work, with Miro Quesada, and Tidensnye demands, they promote and demand the woman's work. More basic pulses the "female nature" in both of them. But these thoughts do not appear only to this camp. Incorrect standpoints are also found in the writing and magazines that claim that they are revolutionary and even follow Marxism. They express concepts as the following:
With the "meaning of life", like participating in social change wildlife, we understand that women "get rid of their existential problems, since the meaning of life can be found in the advantage of each individual can offer its next through its will and their work ». In the treatment of the theme "The Woman and Society", after trying to portray Engels' teom development of the family, they claim: "We are obsessed with the myth that the woman is the lesson. And from here is the necessity of freeing the woman ... Her release can only take place when such an economic-social structure has changed with the development of a new society. " Thus, the liberation is not emphasized the social background, which is portrayed ambiguous and imprecise, so that one ends up focusing on the "regulation of the relationship between the sexes, as an expression of the new ideology. If women are equal to men, or if they should be, the basis for such a relationship must be:What does this review show us? The simple and straightforward truth is that the question is not about at what time a standpoint has been set, and the challenge is also not to "take the creative development of Marxism with a suit". The central is the class standpoint that is the basis for the monitoring method. We have seen a stand prior to Mariátegui, at Gonzalezprada, which, although 30 years older, contains positive elements, while Detvi finds at Basadre is openly reactionary. Finally, two stands as comeders, at Miró Quesada, who also renew reactionary criteria, and the host magazine Mujer, more than 30 years after Mariátegui, and who even Kallereg Marxist, who definitely follow bourgeois views, although they are revolving and it is revolutionary and revolutionary and revolutionary and serves female emancipation.
What is the conclusion? As I said, the question is whether the class base is based on a standpoint, in this case a standpoint of the woman's issue. With Mariátegui, which is the foremost expression for spring -catering class, the proletariat's stand is established for the women's question. He has laid the foundation for the proletarian political line in that question, and his views are completely valid, here as in second proletarian policy for our country. Therefore, the development of a population woman movement, today more than ever, demands to follow Mariátegui's thinking firmly and consequently, based on a recognition of its validity.
The struggle for Peruvian women, like the proletariat, has a long tradition, sealed with their blood, for more than 50 years. The women's organizations have a long history, but the process that organizes Peruvian women has begun to be evaluated in the 1960s, and although it becomes long-lasting and hard, it shows the brilliant prospects.This growth and new impulse in the organization of the female masses require a thorough examination of the women's question and a class analysis that exists or are in formation. In this way, Vibranse will be different camps to establish, such as in other areas, the two lines the Ikvinn question: The counter -revolutionary line under the command of the Avimperialism and the intermediate bourgeoisie44 and the revolutionary line if the Burial Center is the proletariat. This will serve the organizational development of the people's women's movement, which necessarily requires its free construction center in the battle between the two lines, an expression of the class struggle and the various and contradicted interests of the fighting classes. Of course, and this must not be detrimented, there are different variants and differences within each line, depending on the classes that group around each line. Thus, the question in establishes the two opposite lines and, within each of them, the variations and the nuances of the same, and the position that have commanded within each line, and it is what class is the leader that provides each of the fighting lines of one -revolutionary or counter -revolutionary character.
All of the above leads to the necessity of "continuing on Mariátegui's way in question", in order to serve the formation and development of a people's women's movement understood as a movement generated the Avproletariat among the masses of women , with the following characteristics: 1)Follows Mariátegui's thinking, 2)organizes the masses by class, 3)Democratic centralism is subject to.
The construction of such a movement raises two questions: 1)The ideological-political construction as implicitly requires that it be equipped with principles and a program, 2)Organizational construction, which we can serve by Dannkjerner45 or groups of activists who bring the principles and programs of the masses of women - workers, farmers, officials, students, students as well - who work for the politicization of women, mobilize them, mobilize them struggles and organize them To participate in the political struggle, in line with the orientation and politics of the co -proletariat.#### Principal Declaration 
With the resurrection of the classes, which marks the beginning of the exploitation, the suppression began to weigh the women, from slaves to Livegen, from Livegentile Workers' 46. To this day, where there are still yielders, the women's subordinate and this situation can be repealed when the class base is torn up With the root.
From yesterday's female slavery to today's formal gender equality, it has a centuries with everything from silent and tough struggle to the violence of the masses, where there were victories in battles where no prisoners were taken. The community develops through the class struggle and the Mass struggle drives it forward.
Women's progress has been and is the progress of the people. But they have not passive the fruits, they have been struggling sisters, dedicated warriors for the case and militant's case and militant in the front. People's trenches are everywhere and always colored by their blood. The woman is not, as they claim, unpolitical and similar. Women are, especially women of the people, revolutionary contradictory.
The oppressed classes' daughters, workers, peasants and officials48, harrowed brilliant names that light up the masses of the masses: Rosaluxemburg and Liu Ju-Lan are examples from the revolutionary struggle international and from our people we have Micaela Bastidas.
The woman is not a simple and passive being, a trivial ornamental condition at the time of an apolitical tool. The class -conscious woman is a leverse warrior and a dedicated militant.
Also the Peruvian woman has been and is a fighting for the people, and she has been fought with it unemployed with it throughout our history. The women's fight in our fatherland has a synthesis: Micaela Bastidas.
Women today suffer from oppression and exploitation, and this has one cause: the semi -colonial and semi -flooding situation in our country. This is the ceiling that weighs down our people as mountains, and it weighs with double weight declinable masses in Peru.
In this society, the masses rise to imperialism and feudalism. The women have taken their place and join their clear war crap for folk roaring roar. The fight for Peruvian women is part of the struggle for all under -printed and exploited people, and they have common enemies. Their joint struggle and their final, inevitable and necessary victory will be a joint triuminous and liberating victory.
Although Peruvian women have never stopped fighting, our time requires their broadcasters and deeper participation.This task will be fulfilled by following the important principles:
It is only possible to fulfill a consistent and firm revolutionary role by Åsfoll the invincible light from Mariátegui's thinking.
The release of the masses is their own work and they must be served by raising awareness in history in history.
In our country are the masses we must go to mainly the workers and farmers, we always orient ourselves to the poorest and most exploited.
To mobilize and organize it is necessary to investigate and propaganders.This means to become acquainted with the masses' concrete problems and developer revolutionary agitation and propaganda in the midst of them.
We must organize ourselves in all the forms that the proletariat has created and developed. Women must participate in them all.
Women can only organize themselves correctly if they do it in line with one class principle to group women separated according to their class position49.
Without a clear and fair political consciousness, which allows you to consciously and determined the laws of the popular struggle in our fatherland, the maning has a soul.
Take the basic and primary need of the masses to increase this -political awareness step by step. Take the most concrete needs and problems of the majority and raise them politically through battle.
The revolutionary struggle can only win by uniting all oppressed folk and classes, but the main thing is to rely on their own powers.
Under these principles, to fulfill the goal of class mobilization of the Denperuan woman, the people's women's movement in Ayacuch obligations commits themselves to the endorsement, endurance and struggle to reconcile with others and create and develop and develop the women's movement in our fatherland as a movement generated the proletariat among the female masses, with Three character traits: 1)Followermariátegui's thinking, 2)organizes the masses by class, 3)Den democratic centralism is subject to.
Program 
1 . Class mobilization of women around the targets of the anti -imperialist and antifouling Peruvian revolution.
2 . Fighting against the economic, political and ideological oppression that the woman. Equal pay for equal work, real equality for the law, equality for education. Female dignity against prejudice, superstition and policy. Against the ideological deformation.
3 . For fulfilling women's rights and goods. Defend the conquests that are obtained and expand the rights through combat.5 . Forming class awareness and spirit to serve the people, unite with the masses, mainly workers and farmers, and fight with them for their rights and s) and democratic freedoms.
6 . Organize women at all levels. Fight for formation of Peruvian Women's National Federation50, as part of the People's Unit Front.
7 . Promote events and meetings for women with the goal of creating single -revolutionary organization of Peruvian women, and participating in popular events as their vote.
8 . Mobiling women to unite them with the crowds and link them with the people's struggles.
9 . Create a press body that is a class -conscious 51 expression of Peruvian women. "Rimariyña Warmi" 52 serves this purpose.
10 . Gather to forge our people's red assistance. And promote financial campaigns that the people have their own funds.
11 . Spread and develop the culture of the people.
12 . Grow solidarity with the struggle of the oppressed people and the dividend classes by uniting their struggle against the reactionary front of North American imperialism and Soviet revisionism. Federation co -conserving organizations, especially women fighting within the denomination world front.
«Principle and Program Declaration for People's Women's Movement(designed)Rimariyña Warmi, number 2, body for the People's Women's Movement in Ayacucho, September 1973. »
April, 1975 Peru's Communist Party Central Committee
Afterword of the publisher red tab 
"Marxism, Mariátegui and the Women's Movement" is a Marxist-Leninist-Maoist classic, a contention from Peru's Communist Party for a class line Ikin movement, which points out the course to develop a revolutionary woman movement.

from theory to practice 
The text has three main parts, which is also summarized in the three words in the title of: Marxism and the women's question, Mariátegui's view of the women's question and the development of the women's movement in line with Mariátegui's way. The first main part is the longest, and it is also divided into three parts. First, the party presents the theory of a "female nature" and rejects it as false and reactionary. Here, for the first time in the text, we meet the many quotes of freemoos, writers, church fathers and heads of state throughout history, who show in all their horror what kind of women's views they have advocated in all slightly different class societies.Finally in the first part, they present the Marxist view: Women's rounds of positions arise and are maintained through the property conditions. We find the rotatile women's oppression that the private property occurs, as Framrich Engels have established. Thus, the cause is not a female nature of a female nature, and no natural masculine crack to rule. This also means that the emancipation of women is inextricably affiliated to destroy private property. In other words: The woman can be completely -free without a socialist revolution.

emansipation or liberation? 
Throughout the work, the party uses the term "emancipation of the woman" and deserves this against "women's liberation", as they reject as a bourgeois-feminist concept. This may seem confusing to Norwegian readers, because the unanimous Norwegian translations use "liberation" instead of "emancipation". The translation to Norwegian from 2018 does not contain the term "emansipation" in Detelet taken, and the translators have instead chosen words such as "equality" and "authority ". As this question is both complicated by these conditions and is an important question, Vilvi here trying to create more clarity on this issue.We understand the standpoint of Marxism in short as follows:(i)Women's Security is impossible within the bourgeois community, because this is a class society based on private property,(ii)The woman's emancipation is bargun as part of the liberation of the working class and the socialist transformation of society to communism, where private property is destroyed, and(iii)"Women's liberation" is a bourgeois-feminist thesis sometime to separate the people's women from men with whom they have joint class interests, and to separate the women's struggle from the working class struggle. We can also add that this separatist line negates the party's lead role, and thus that For proletarian leadership, the movement comes under -bourgeois or bourgeois leadership.
Furthermore, Peru's Communist Party states that the woman does not even fully enter the Kannemansipers within capitalism. This is clearly confirmed if we look at today's world. Imperialism dividends and oppressors at the roughest, especially in the Third World. Above almost the whole world, women are not even _ formally_ legally equal, and real -life position is particularly absent in the oppressed nations. Also, in the most imperialist countries, we see that the vast majority of avalanches and millionaires are men, and that these have much more property and fortune women. We see that violence against women, the beauty industry, involuntary delta, lack of food and a number of other factors, makes realemansipation impossible, even in the countries that are often portrayed as equal utopies.
Women will first be emansiped as part of the proletariat's liberation. It is a special quality of the proletariat's liberation that this class does not liberate itself without freeing all humanity. The proletariat can bare themselves by abolishing the entire class society and thus freeing human economically, socially, political and ideological. This, and just this, the liberation woman. Comrade Avanti from India's Communist Party(Maoistene)writes the iTeksten "Philosophical directions in the feminist movement" about the illusions of the bourgeois and petty -bourgeois feminists' position leading to, and at the thesis of women's liberation involves acting reformist, pacifist, and seek paratically.The only real liberation is possible is the liberation of the proletariat and the oppressed nations, which involves humanity's liberation, and takes form of new democratic, socialist and cultural revolutions within the denproletarian world revolution. The woman's emancipation is part of this -strained process. The woman's emancipation is impossible within a class society -based on the private property, which has generated the state and family as a structure for the ruler's power and the patriarchy.
As we see it, there are especially five problems with the line for "full -woman release":(i)The brand people's struggle in "many liberation", instead of uniting the ideologically, politically and organizational,(ii)Determin the women's women from its leadership in the party of the proletariat,(iii)denlegger to the right of bourgeois and petty -bourgeois leadership,(iv)that driver's women's struggle into reformism and pacifism, rather than turning folk women a revolutionary power, and(v)It is a blind track that does not lead to either emancipation or liberation for the masses of women, especially the poorest.

HUVERAL PRINTING PRINCIPLE AND A ROI 
So far about liberation and emancipation. Furthermore, the second part of the work is a single -production of Mariátegui's position on the women's question. Here, the deputy party, including quotes from Mariátegui, first, the topic situation of Peruvian women, then the history of the women's struggle in Peru, saw the women's movement in the country and finally Mariátegui's view of the Emancinating woman. Here, the party states that Mariátegui, by using Marxism-Leninism for concrete analysis of the specific conditions in Peru, has chiseled a classroom point for the women's question in Peru. There are several aspects of the Veddenne section that are valid and important also outside Peru. For example, we can see the view of the revolutionary potential of female teachers, as even though they are part of the petty bourgeoisie, often earn poorly and are often in close contact with students from the deepest and widest masses.The party states that thorough investigations of women's issues must be made to be prepared class analysis by the women's organizations that already exist. On the basis of this, they will distinguish between the two camps that are grouped around their line: the counter -revolutionary line and the revolutionary line.Ho they will move on to to construct the people's women's movement as a one -organization with three traits:(i)Mariáteguis tenkning,(ii)class organization and(iii)Democratic centralism. These three point corresponds with three aspects of the construction: ideology, politics and organization. Ideological-political construction requires principles and a program, organizationally, it must be based on democratic centralism, which is the organizational principle of the proletariat. Initially, the organic construction will be done by forming core groups of activists, who can sprin principles and program among the masses of female workers, farmers, officials, students, students, and so on, politicizing them, mobilizing them through matches and organizing them under proletarian leadership.
In this way, this work gives a "recipe" for communists and revolutionaries, for how we should approach the women's issue and the woman in our own country.

Simone de Beauvoir and the idealism 
In this afterword, we will also say something brief about Simone de Beauvoir. The Order Communist Party shows a real respect for her, both by referring to the "work" the other gender ", and by using a variety of quotes, it is waived to show the development of the views of women throughout history. We recommend our readers to read this book, which was published Iny Norwegian edition of Pax Forlag in the year 2000, and then for the first time in full in Norwegian. Although the work dates from 1949, it is still strikingly modern and healing in many areas.The big problem with "the other gender" is that Simone de Beauvoir, even though she has often stated that she is a socialist, and that she should also have savers that if she was to rewrite the book it would be more marxist, er_existentialist_ and not Marxist. "The Other Gender" is a great work, but it is just as much a existentialist great work. Thus, all of Henness vision is rooted in the women's question in an idealistic philosophy. It is expressed, among other things, when she portrays Friedrich Engel's theory of the subordination of women. Beauvoir seems to accept Engels' presentation, but criticizes him that he does not explain why -what men have a driving force to rule the upper woman as "the other". Like most idealists, they are not Beauvoir satisfied with material starting point, she seeks a first movement, which put the matter movement. Simone de Beauvoir believes to find this movement in the fact that humans "imperialist" in their consciousness with a "pretense of dominating it" 53. She claims that historical materialism only sees humans as an economic units, and that the only way to fully understand humans is fully understood an existentialist infrastructure. As you can see here, it means that an aspect of consciousness is seen as the cause of the women's oppression. Said she makes consciousness, the spirit, the primary, and either turns it or not back to the 'human nature'. In other words: simone de Beauvoir takes an idealistic standpoint .Idealism, in the form of the idea of "willingness to power" as a universal driver, opens the door wide gap to "human nature" and thus also "female nature" and "male nature", which Marxism rejects. Marxism's view is not the privacy property arises as a result of a masculine or human -natural "will", a ruler crave, or an "imperialism" in our consciousness. The position of Marxism, on the other hand, is that the private property and the suppression waxing from the material basis for society and the development of this. To dominate others, a spiritual expression of that material basis is not the other way around. The private property and the patriarchy need the continuation of "great explanation", in the same way that materialists do not seek any cause of evolution outside evolution itself. The class community showed segregate in a purely evolutionary sense: it liquidated or incorporated all "competitors". The Urbanist hunter and sinker communities were gradually displaced by class societies based on fittings and agriculture, and afterwards. Men who accumulated property became gentlemen and took other obligations. This process began with the establishment of the private property and the maternal law. The woman's historical defeat was a fact.
The big difference between materialism and idealism is whether one sees spirit or material as the basis for all development. The notion of "willingness to power" is just a new form of idealism, a new "first moves", a poor substitute for God. Marxism is dialectical-materialist and thus it is the single-minded materialism, for matter can only be understood in its movement, it will sigectic. Thus, Marxists see the matter as the basics. Furthermore, the dialectical materialism is that the cause of development in the matter, the adhesion in all things. The proletariat's "willingness to power" has a cause of material: the contradiction between proletariat and bourgeoisie. This "urge" grows from the socio -economic conditions the proletariat lives under: Expluration and suppression, and it can neither be nor should be explained as a metaphysical and beholding force we are born with.
In short, we find the root cause of the women's oppression in the private property, and here we also find the key to ending the women's oppression: Årive the private property with the root and crush it, to replace the class society with a classless society. To change the material conditions and society, will man and thus also transform human will and urge.Marxism-Leninism-Maoism gives rise to a class line Ikvinmen, a proletarian feminism, against bourgeois and petty bourgeoispheminism, including, for example, identity-political queer-feminism and radical pheminism. Queer feminism overlaps and is similar to both anchoric and classic liberalist feminism. Radical feminism in Norway has been associated with socialist or "Marxist" feminism, and many of the leaders come from revisionist and opportunistic parties. The level of conflict between these two directions has become very high during the decades, but this is a conflict within the petty bourgeoisie. The battle between is a struggle between different petty -bourgeois groups and strata and their representatives. Like any other bourgeois conflict - for the residential bourgeoisie, a_ -citizen_ class - it can be boiled down to its own interests: money, positions and prestige. A proletarian feminism, a class line in the women's movement, contradicts both directions, in the same way that it limits itself, contrary to the imperialist bourgeois feminism. Den -bourgeois feminism is closely associated with chauvinism, reaction and militarization within imperialism. This is often disguised as "solidarity with vulnerable women" in the Third World. An example of this form of drilling feminism is the ban on Muslim headgear in French education institutions. Another example is the aggressive recruitment of the bourgeois army.
Towards the end of this afterword, we will emphasize the point in the text if the masses listen to those who confirm and not just negate. A class line Ikin movement must fight against the enemy, but it must raise clear day requirements and associate the requirements with the fight for power. The revolutionaries need to confirm mass experience of oppression and exploitation, and provide answers and leadership so that at the masses can solve these problems. A class line focuses on mass -emptying creative power and their ability to reshape the world. It is the deepest and widest masses of the women, who when they release their rage and make it a revolutionary power, which again and again stands primarily the IRevolution. Proletarian leaders do not stand in the way of movement. Also, not critically after the movement. Proletarian leaders seek the center of the camp. They live with, work with and fight with the masses. It is the center of the Ikamp and in the midst of the deepest and widest masses, that one -revolutionary women's movement must be constructed.It fills us with revolutionary enthusiasm, when we read in the introduction, Lenin has said that the proletarian ideas that are never made, no matter how long it goes from the sowing to the harvest. The prophetic and scientific truth in this statement is moving today, on the other side of the earth, more than ten thousand kilometers from Peru, almost fifty years that the comrades published the proletarian ideas this work materializes. We are sure that, by spreading these, we spread these The ideas even more, have sown again, and that these seeds will grow into powerful crop in the development of the class struggle as we ourselves fight.
February 2023 
word explanations 
Here is an explanation of some words and concepts used in the text.
bait : relative, complies on the male side(the father's side).
Apolitisk : ikke-politisk, upolitisk.
Fordring : et krav som en fysisk person (human being)or legal person harse against another.
Generate : breed, create, feed, produce, produce.
Impulse and impulsive can mean to give direction, influence, drive forward, inspire. The effect of power on an object. An influence, an effort, a driving force.
Corporativism or corporatism means after bourgeois sources: "Institutionalization of special interests into the political system" or "enstat where political power springs out of a(or more)assembly(is)which is recruited from corporations, ”where corporations can be anything from laug to unions. Mariátegui and chairman Gonzalo understand corporatism as a form of organization, where the state and the so -called "civil society" merge, that the distinction is abolished. This is in contrast to bourgeois-liberal democratic form of government.
Matrone : Married, distinguished woman, by lazy. Mater "mother".
Negroes : From Latin Negare 'refuse'; cf. German Negier: denied existence of the existence; denial; reject.
Organism : Any living being, such as animals, plants, microorganisms, etc., or any complex structure with properties that can be associated with fellow life.
Separatism : To work for independence or independence, or it separates itself from a larger group to assert special opinions or special requirements. Derailing or dividing from something.
Skirlevnet : Injectable, unusual, immoral.
Synthesis : Summary or connection of details to a whole. The opposite of synthesis is analysis. Transformer : R forth, transform, transform.
Profession : Doctors, priests, engineers and lawyers are considered among the declassic professions, while today it is also common to count on sample nurses, teachers and journalists as professions.
"Pseudo-" is a preaching that means false, false, somehow-.
Source list 
Here is a list of sources used in the translation of the text in Norwegian. Most of the quotes in the text are used as they are in these works. The list is sorted by when used or mentioned in the text, and non -FABIC.
Earn the Folk Media(5. mars 2018). Marxismen, Mariátegui og kvinnebevegelsen .Første norske oversettelse. Hentet fra https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2018/03/05/marxismen-mariategui-og-kvinnebevegelsen/
Marxist Internet Archive (u.å). Marxism, Mariategui and the Women’sMovement . Engelsk oversettelse. Hentet frahttps://www.marxists.org/subject/women/authors/adrianzen/1974.htm
Perus Kommunistiske Parti (april 1975). El Marxismo Mariátegui y elMovimiento Feminino . Andre utgave av det originale verket, utgitt av_Movimiento Feminino Popular_. Hentet frahttp://www.banderaroja.org/PCP/PCP_EL_MARXISMO_MARIATEGUI.html
Verein Neue Demokratie (2013). Der Marxismus, Mariátegui und dieFrauenbewegung . Tysk oversettelse. Hentet fra http://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2013/03/fur-eine-klassenlinie-in-der.html
Kommunistisk Bibliotek (u.å.). Marxismen, Mariátegui og kvindebevægelsen .Dansk oversettelse. Hentet fra https://maoismen.wordpress.com
Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin og Mao Tsetung (1978). Marxisme ogkvinnefrigjøring – artikler av Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin og Mao Tsetung .Oslo: Forlaget Oktober. De fleste sitatene fra disse klassikerne er hentet fradette samleverket på norsk.
Simone de Beauvoir (2000). Det annet kjønn . Oslo: Pax Forlag AS. Svært mangeav sitatene av filosofer, teologer og eldre litteratur er hentet fra detteverket på norsk.
Bibelen (2011). Ny versjon av Bibelselskapet i 2011. Hentet frahttps://bibel.no/nettbibelen
Engels, Friedrich (1970). Familiens, privateiendommens og statens opprinnelse.Oslo: Forlaget Ny Dag. Oversettelsen virker å være den samme som i den førsteutgaven utgitt av forlaget Ny Dag i 1952.
Marx, Karl (1995). Kapitalen, første bok, del 3 . Oslo: Oktober forlag.
Lenin, V.I. (1970). Frigjøringen av kvinnene . Oslo: Forlaget Ny Dag.
PERSONREGISTER 
Aristotle (384 BC to 322 BC). Den viktigste figuren i vestensfilosofihistorie, ved siden av Platon. Forfatter av grunnleggende teksterinnen blant annet metafysikk, biologi, etikk, politisk filosofi, retorikk,poetikk, psykologi, logikk og vitenskapsfilosofi. Aristoteles la grunnlagetfor moderne vitenskap og filosofi og er fortsatt aktuell innen blant annetetikk, politisk filosofi og metafysikk.
Augustin av Hippo, St. Augustin (354-430). Teolog og filosof, helgen ogVestens største kirkelærer. Han la grunnlaget for både teologi og filosofi imiddelalderen, fikk avgjørende betydning for reformasjonen og studeres også idag.
Aquinas, Thomas (1225-1274). Italiensk teolog og filosof. Han varmiddelalderens mest berømte kirkelærer og den katolske kirkes klassiskedogmatiker.
Babeuf , François Noël (1760-1797). Også kjent som Gracchus Babeuf. Franskrevolusjonær i perioden rundt den franske revolusjon. Han ville føre denfranske revolusjonens likhetsprinsipper (freedom, equality and brotherhood)to their utmost consequence and create a communist republic. He established unknown organization, La Conspiration des Égaux("The equal conspiracy"), and planned a bargain, but Babeuf and several of his traps were worn and executed.
bebel , August(1840-1913). Fremstående tysk arbeiderleder på slutten av1800-tallet, og leder for Tysklands sosialdemokratiske parti fra 1892 til sindød i 1913. Han var lenge i nær og hyppig kontakt med Marx og Engels.
Condorcet , Nicolas de (1743-1794). Fransk matematiker og filosof. En vennav Jean d’Alembert og medarbeider i Encyclopédie.
Demokrit (approximate b. 460 BC and d. 370 BC). Gresk filosof ogmaterialist, som regnes blant antikkens viktigste.
Diderot , Denis (1713-1784). Fransk filosof og skjønnlitterær forfatter ogopphavsmann til Den store franske encyklopedien.
Gouges , Marie Olympe de (1748-1793). Fransk kvinnelig forfatter ogaktivist. Regnes som en av de første feministene, som også angrep slaveriet.
Hegel , Georg Wilhelm Friedrich (1770-1831). Den mest fremtredende tyskefilosofen på 1800-tallet. Hegels filosofi kan ses som både en videreføring ogen kritikk av Immanuel Kant. Hans virkning på ettertiden har vært enorm. Haner en del av grunnlaget for både marxisme, eksistensialisme, pragmatisme,kritisk teori og hermeneutikk.
Kant , Immanuel (1724–1804). Tysk filosof, grunnlegger av pliktetikken ogtalsmann for «den menneskelige fornuft».
krupskaja , nadzjda(1869-1939). Russisk kommunist, forfatter og pedagog.Gift med Lenin fra 1898, og hans nærmeste medarbeider gjennom to tiår. Etterrevolusjonen var hun blant annet formann i RSFSRs hovedkomité for politiskopplysningsvirksomhet og var med på å organisere det sovjetiske skolevesenet iperioden 1917–1928. Hun var medlem av Vitenskapsakademiet fra 1931.
Laos , Carlos Miró-Quesada Laos (1903-1969), Peruvian editor, politician and diplomat.
Liu Hulan(1932-1947). Ung kvinnelig kommunist og hemmelig agent underfolkekrigen, som ble arrestert og myrdet av Kuomintang. Hun ble lenge løftetfrem som en revolusjonær helt, blant annet gjennom en egen opera.
Luxemburg , Rosa (1871-1919). En av de fremste revolusjonære lederne iEuropas historie. Grunnlegger av Tysklands Kommunistiske Parti, sammen medKarl Liebknecht. Myrdet av reaksjonen, på ordre av sosialdemokratene, underrevolusjonsforsøket i 1919.
Gracchus , Tiberius (163 BC - 132 BC)and gaius(154 BC-121 BC).Sønner av konsulen Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus den eldre, og den patrisiskeCornelia Africana. Hun var datter av den berømte generalen Scipio Africanus.
Grohmann , Jorge Alfredo Basadre (1903-1980). Peruansk historiker,direktør for det peruanske nasjonalbiblioteket og utdanningsminister i toregjeringer.
Marañón y Posadillo , Gregorio (1887-1960). Spansk lege, vitenskapsmann,historiker, skribent og filosof.
Michel , Louise (1830-1905). Fransk forfatter, anarkist og lærerinne somkjempet som stridende i Pariserkommunen i 1871. Under pseudonymet «Clémence»ble hun også kjent som «den røde jomfru fra Montmartre». I sin forsvarstalesverget hun evig troskap overfor Pariserkommunens idéer, og spurte dommerne omde hadde mot til å dømme henne til døden. Hun ble dømt først til 20 månederfengsel, under elendige forhold, og ble deretter deportert til Ny Caledonia iStillehavet hvor hun levde i sju år. Etter et amnesti vendte hun tilbake tilFrankrike, med sine revolusjonære holdninger uforandret.
Puyucahua , Micaela Bastidas (1744-1781). Indiansk opprørsleder i Peru,gift med opprørslederen Tupac Amaru II. Samlet og ledet tropper av begge kjønni kampen mot de spanske kolonistene.
Rousseau , Jean-Jacques (1712-1778). Sveitsisk-fransk borgerlig filosof.Regnes som en av de fremste tenkerne for den franske revolusjonen. Blant annetkjent for teorien om «samfunnskontrakten».
Prada and Ulloa , Jose Manuel de los Reyes González de(1844-1918), Peruvian politician, anarchist, literary critic and director of the Peruvian National Library.
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/08/ny-oversettelse-marxismen-mariategui-og-kvinnebevegelsen/ 
Poor organizer in Rizal, arrested; another, harassing 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T92:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Police and armed state forces arrested Anakpawis-Rizal organizer Arnel Bueza at 12:30 am at his home in Sitio Tibagan, Barangay Dolores, Tayt
Images: [' human-rights-arrest-detention-1024x659.png ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 Police and armed state forces arrested Banak-Rizal organizer Arnel Bueza at 12:30 am in a home in Sitio Tibagan, Barangay Dolores, Taytay, Rizal. The arrests of the arrests were unlucky. He was taken to CIDGPADILLA, Antipolo.
In the process of being released by his neighbors, Bueza's policeman could see the police from the house. His relatives even begged him to be arrested because there was no sin in the law.
State forces have already tasted the arrest of activists and civilians in unfortunate time to hide their human rights violations.
Meanwhile, the right-Rizal group reported that the military's presence continued within Sitio Tibagan where residents were being threatened, threatened to fear.
In addition, the right-rizal fights have been reported to be a case of pressure Roberto Marquez. Police entered the house and threatened Marquez and his family in Sitio Sumilang, Barangay San Jose, Antipolo on March 6.
According to the report, since March 2, police have repeatedly traveled and went to Marquez at home and his work. Included in a capt. Abcede is one of those involved in this crime. Simarquez was forced to go with them without any documentary.
In addition to the right-Rizal, the presence of uniformed and uniformed police in the community continues.
Marquez was harassed by the police for his involvement in the fight against a landlord who seized their land in the world.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/organisador-ng-maralita-sa-rizal-inaresto-isa-pa-ginigipit/ 
Mountains in Kalinga, bombed by the AFP 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T94:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The jet fighter of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) has no-bombed the mountainous part of the barangay Acts in Balbalan, Kalinga around 2am on March 5.
Images: [' balbalan-kalinga-helicopter-bombing.jpg ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 NO-BELIEVE BOMED BY JET FIGHTER OF THE ARMED FORCES OF THEEPHILIPPINES(AFP)The mountainous part of the barangay works in Balbalan, Kalinga around 2am on March 5.
According to the preliminary Cordillera Human Rights Alliance report(Chra), in the towns of Upper Tabuk and alms the noise of the fighter jets. Residents in the area also saw the drones of the barbeys. In the morning, two helicopters turned around.
Apart from the terrorist terror that was brought to the civilian communities of AFP weapons, the soldiers illegally arrested nine residents of the village and codcodwe of Barangay Acts. Two of them are shepherding laundry. The seven others rescued them were also arrested. ILIGALALSANG DISTINESS SEVEN.
Chra added that military troops are still hosting the town of Balbalan who is feared to bring about human rights violations. There is also a Howitzer in Sitio Guesang, Poblacion facing Sabarangay Acts.
The group called for a continuous focus and investigating the incident to ensure the security and well-being of civilian communities.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/kabundukan-sa-kalinga-binomba-ng-afp/ 
Consecutive harasmment operations, BHB-West Camarines Sur 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T96:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Twin harassment operations were raised by units of the New People's Army (NPA) -West Camarines Sur on February 28. It hit two military detachments in the town of Ragay, Camari
Images: [' negros_to-1024x502.jpg ']
Categories: ["People's War"]
Type: article
 Twin harassment operations are dumped by new army units(BHB)-West Camarines Sur on February 28. It hit the military twodetatment in the town of Ragay, Camarines Sur.
The Red fighters first fired the detachment in Barangay Bayabandang at 12:30 pm. This was a attack on the detachment Sabarangay Patongon at 1:10 pm.
The Barangay Patalunan and Baya are just a barangay, which has the presence of fascist and bloody soldiers of the 81st IB.
According to the NPA-West Camarines SRU, the military detachment in Barangay Baya was located at the Barangay Center next to the elementary school, but in 2021 it was moved to Sitio Okwaw of both barangays in the middle of the house. Similarly, the Saban Sabatan Patient Camp is placed near the center to make civilians "humanshield".
According to the NPA unit, the armed action was a response to the request of the residents in the area due to increasing cases of human rights violations that result in severe fear and concern for the villagers.
In recent months, civilians faced the interrogation, intimidation and psywar. Miliar targets suspected members and helps in NPA. Not a few cases were recorded when it was forced to summon the reident inside the military camp.
The soldiers are also leading anti-social activities such as drinking, gambling and more. It also has cases of the seizure of the spouse and young people who have been exposed to the area.
The occupation of the military in the center of the communities is against international humanitarian law and the Comprehensive Agreement on Respect Formum Rights and International Humanitarian Law or CARHRIHL.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/magkasunod-na-operasyong-harasmment-inilunasd-ng-bhb-west-camarines-sur/ 
WEST-CAMARINES SUR military action, successful! 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T97:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Two Tim of the New People's Army-Norben Gruta Command-West Camarines Sur has successfully launched the Sabayan Punalo Action at the 81st IBPA CAFGU Detachment. On February 28, 2023 Gan
Images: [' npa-west-camarines-sur-map-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ["People's War"]
Type: article
 Two Tims of the New People's Army-Norben Grutacommand-West Camarines Sur have successfully launched the same massacre action at the 81st IBPA Cafgudetachment.
On February 28, 2023 at 12:28 pm a Rifle ATM203 Granade Launcher of the NPA Tim fired at the detachment of Barangay Baya, Ragay, Camarines Sur. On the same day, at 1:10 pm another Tim of the NPA fired the detachment of the 81st IB CAFGU Sabarangay Patongon of the same town. Meanwhile, the Tim who took the punishment was safe and efficient.
The Barangay Patalunan and Baya are just a neighboring village where both of the fascist and bloody soldiers of the 81st IBPA have a presence.
The 81st IBPA CAFGU detachment in Barangay Baya was previously located in the Barangay Center next to the elementary school, but in 2021 it was moved to Sitio Okwaw of the same village, which is also in the middle of the world. The same is true of the Barangay Barangay Camp that is placed near the center to make the villagers a defendant.
The Action of the CAFGU elements under the 81st IBPA Associated by the Norben Gruta Command at the request of residents in the area as a result of human rights violations and violence in the area which result village.
Repeated interrogation, intimidation and psy-war on NPA's suspected members and links such as calling civilians within their camp. There is a drink of alcohol in households, gambling, Gambling and ID asking for those found in the fields when there is no evidence of character is suspected of members of NGNPA and are subject to interrogation. It also has cases of marriage and young people who have been seized in the area.
The citizens of the area hate the fascist and bloody 81st IBPA Sapanghal interference in the area and providing chaos. The crimes and violations of human rights among residents provide conditions to prove that they are not the true army of the oppressed people and exploited.The experience has also proven that the presence of the presence of the AFP is not helpful to the people but it is the number one advocate of the reactionary government of violence, prostitution and the people's rights.
The Norben Gruta Command is calling on all citizens of Camarines Sur to unite with the NPA and to expose the violence and fascist of the AFP under the current US-Marcos II regime.
The New People's Army under the Norben Gruta Command will always be willing to defend his servant of oppressed citizenship.#
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/sabayang-aksyong-militar-sa-west-camarines-sur-matagumpay/ 
Second year of lack of justice for Bloody Sunday Massacre victims!Duterte, answer! 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T14:43:58+00:00
Description: It was two years ago when the bloody Bloody Sunday Massacre took place and took over the nine lives of activists in the South.
Images: [' km-laguna-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 It was two years ago when the bloody Bloody Sundaymassacre took place and took over the nine lives of Southwest Activists.
The next morning of March 7, 2021 when the state element elected the activist's elements and shot it. The arrest of six unionist leaders and activists is added to the fabricated cases. It is under the operation of the US-Duterte regime and Lt. Gen. Antonioparlade Jr. that led the murder of progressive individuals in the Southern Region. However, two years later there was no victim given to the victims and rather, it was still delayed. The murder complain was recently dismissed for a victim of Bloody Sunday Massacre Manny Asuncion.
Despite the successes such as the cases of Nimfa Lanzanas, Erlindo Baez, and Ramir Corcolon who prove that the Nailed search warrants are fabricated. The state continues to violate the progressive individuals and groups.
In this way, there is only one solution to young people and oppression. Participation in the armed struggle and fight for the rights of its highest level. The lack of justice drives young people to weapon and serve the masses in the countryside.
Challenges to young Lagunense and the people who climb the armed forces and fight for the rights of the people. The people of the South are expected that the young revolutionaries will be charged for the victims of the Bloody Sunday Massacre. The blood and fascist also expect that the revolutionaries will not stop until the peace -based peace is not available.
Youth, head to the countryside!Join the NPA!Justice the victims of the Bloody Sunday Massacre!Respond to Rodrigo Duterte and his murderers!
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/ikalawang-taong-kawalan-ng-hustisya-para-sa-mga-biktima-ng-bloody-sunday-massacre-duterte-panagutin/ 
On the 2nd year of the Bloody Sunday Massacre anniversary, continue the struggle for the justice of victims of extra-judicial killings!Strive in the national-democratic revolution! 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T14:58:07+00:00
Description: The Communist Party of the Philippines is united-South (CPP-TK) in commemoration of the people of the Southwest at the heinous Bloody Sunday Massacre. Bloody Sunday is the day where
Images: [' cpp-southern-tagalog-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ['Regions']
Type: article
 The Communist Party of the Philippines is united -This(PKP-TK)The people of the Southwest in the Southern SundayMassacre commemorated. Bloody Sunday is the day when the state agents simultaneously killed nine activists and leaders at once and arrested six others from the open-democratic organizations in the southern organization. The victims of the bloody massacre were Emmanuel “Manny” Asuncion of the New Alyansang Makabayan(BEHIND)-Cavite; Ana Mariz “Chai” Lemita and Ariel Evangelista of the people's relationship against the destruction of nature and terrain(You go away);;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Michael Dasigao, Mark Lee Bacasno, Atabner and Edward Mendoza of San Isidro Pighalahan, Brotherhood and Delight for Livelihood, Justice and Peace(Siccad-kZ);;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; and two raids of Dela Cruz and Randy “Meeting” Dela Cruz.
The CPP-TK honors the said martyrs that because of their love for their peers, they have no doubt dedicated their own to advance the interests of farmers, workers and growing ones. In the eyes of the fascist state, a crime and terrorist act and lead the fight for the benefit of the oppressed and the oppressed, to advance their legitimate interests for the sake of life, livelihood and rights. Despite the Duterte regime's openly involved, they dared to lift their fist, and the toilet-resistance of the toiling masses. And because the fascist state did not differ in the open struggle and armed struggle, they were used in the violent form of repression and killed them all without a fight!After the bloody massacre, police and military said it was disconnected because they were "fighting" to justify the state's counter-revolutionary campaign.For two years, justice for victims of Bloody Sunday Massacre has been alert. The 17 police and CIDG police were recently acquitted in the case of Emmanuel "Manny" Asuncion, one of the victims of Bloody Sunday. Despite the fact that the relatives of the victim proved to be able to see how Manny was killed and heard the victim's crying “… we were people too!” before shooting. And in 2022, Gen. was given promotion. Felipe Natividad, then PNP-Calabarzon chief of the Bloody Sunday Massacre, and Judge Jose Lorenzo dela Rosa, Anghukom who issued a search warrant against Manny.
The US Marcos-Duterte reactionary regime has shrugged to justify the victims of extra-judicial killings, as it happened to Bloody Sunday victims. It prevents the persecution of crimes against Rodrigo Duterte's humanity that is now being filed in the International Criminal Court(ICC). Nakapanlulumong isipin,laluna sa mga kapamilya ng mga biktima ng extra-judicial killings na kapag angmga kasapakat ng naghaharing-uri ang napapatay, tulad na lamang ngnapabalitang ambus kay Gob. Degamo ng Negros nitong Marso 4, ay mabilis pasila sa alas-kwatro na manawagan para hustisya. Kapansin-pansin namagkakasunod na nagpahayag at nanawagan ng hustisya ang ilehitimong pangulo nasi Marcos Jr., bise presidente nitong si Sara Duterte, anak ni Marcos Jr. nasi Sandro Marcos at iba pang mga mambabatas. Ayon sa kanila dapat agarangmatukoy ang mga salarin at mabilis na mapanagot sa krimen. Ito naman angsadyang nararapat. Subalit ang mapait na katotohanan: kapag karaniwangmamamayan ang biktima ay tahimik ang estado, laluna ang DOJ. Masahol pa’ysisihin ang mga biktima na “nanlaban” o mga “terorista” kaya napatay!
Beyond the aforementioned, it is true that the people are not relying on the reactionary state system of the reactionary state that presents the culture of the instincts and protectors of the interests of the exploit and oppressive. It is in the hands of a resistant people to find true hustisyapara in the victim of injustice under the semicolonial system. Should strive for the promotion of national-democratic revolution. With the step-by-step expansion, establishment and strengthening of the organs of the people's political power will be justified by all victims of relentless killings and injustices. All who have offered a living for the achievement of true freedom, justice and democracy are the real heroes that will remain in the heart and keep the struggle of the people who are suppressed, oppressed and exploited a puppet, fascist-terrorist state.
The people in the South are expected to continue to strengthen the CPP-TK's leadership in the New People's Army and all revolutionary forces. It continues to overcome the difficulties of the reactionary state's suppression campaign. The further deepening crisis of the semicolonial and semifeudal system that brings great poverty of the vast citizen and the affiliate of the state's fascism-terrorism confirms the accuracy of promotion and overcome the national democratic revolution. ###
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/sa-ika-2-taong-ng-anibersaryo-ng-bloody-sunday-massacre-ipagpatuloy-ang-pakikibaka-para-sa-hustisya-ng-mga-biktima-ng-ekstra-hudisyal-na-pamamaslang-magpunyagi-sa-pambansa-demokratikong-rebolusyon/ 
Live #145 & quot; - Tribute to Déo Rian and Luiz Americano - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: The Choro das 3 group, interviewed in and edition of and, holds the weekly project Quintas Live, a series of broadcasts showing through its
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T00:05:00-03:00
Modified Time: None
Updated Time: None
Images: []
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Agenda Cultural', 'Choro das 3', 'compositores', 'Corina flauta', 'Déo Rian', 'Elisa bandolim', 'instrumentistas', 'Lia violão 7 cordas', 'Live 145', 'Luiz Americano', 'Youtube']
Type: article
The 3 Choro Group, interviewed in and and edition of the and, performs the sample projects Thursdays live , a series of broadcasts showing by transmission through its YouTube channel. The group, which completed 20 years of career in 2022, is formed by the sisters Corina (flute), Lia (7 string guitar)E Elisa **(mandolin).
Abaixo: A Live#145 - Homenagem a Déo Rian e Luiz Americano , realizada noúltimo dia 02/03, com obras dos compositores e instrumentistas Déo Rian e Luiz Americano (1900 – 1960).
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/live-145-quintas-ao-vivo-com-choro-das-3-homenagem-a-deo-rian-e-luiz-americano/ 
Palestine: settlers and the army attacks Palestinians in Huwara 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T04:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-06T12:01:22+00:00
Description: We bring an unofficial Danish translation of the article from them Volke Dienen about the development of the match in Palestine. In the occupied Palestine, one bloody crime follows the Palestinensi…
Images: [' billede-1.png ', ' billede-2.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We bring an unofficial Danish translation of the article from them Volkedien around the development of the fight in Palestine.
In the occupied Palestine, one bloody crime against the Palestinian people follows the other. As reported in earlier articles intensifying and increasing the Israeli colonial state at the moment of act of violence the national liberation movement and the Palestinian people violently. For recently there have been ruthless attacks by settlers in four cities.
After 11 Palestinians were murdered by reactionary forces in a military operation in Nablus in the West Bank on February 22, and over 100 Palestinian were wounded in the subsequent battles, Israeli military forces shot the 222-year-old Palestinian Mohammed Jawabreh in the head the day after by one-sector execution during a razzia . Such outdoor murders could soon be legally or at least in the rearview mirror could justify law even more than now. On Sunday, February 26, the Israeli Parliament passed a law on the reinstatement of the death penalty of the death penalty of the death penalty. According to the law, anyone who attacks "the state of Israel and the Jewish people's rebirth in their homeland" can henceforth be convicted of death and legally murdered. This law will not only apply to the Israeli state area, but also explicitly to the occupied areas of the West Bank. It will be legal for the Israeli state to execute members of the national liberation movement for resistance against the Zionist occupation of their homeland.
 
Monday afterwards, there was a revenge action from the Palestinian resistance movement's forces on the settlers' riots, where an Israeli-American ex-soldier was shot to death on the highway by militant Palestinian soldiers.
 In the wake of these events, the Israeli Finance Minister praised co -responsibility for the settlement building The settlement pools and literally called on "annihilation" of the Palestinian village of Huwara, as his sole criticism was that it should be the state and not the settlers who were responsible for this task. Another Israeli government representative called for Huwara's roll to be "blocked off and burned down". Meanwhile, the number of Palestinians, which this year has been killed by the Zionist state, has risen to 65.
The settlers' pogrom and the fascist extermination fantasies of Israeli government politicians are part of the current policy of the extreme reactionary, Zionist government coalition. In addition to the law on the death penalty for "terrorists" on Sunday, the so -called "Deportation Law" was passed the Iceland of January stating that persons with Israeli citizenship and residence in Israeli territory can be expelled and deported if they commit crimes "violating confidence in the confidence The State of Israel '. With this law, all people who protest against the Zionist state and that politics can de facto be deported in the future. Even outside the framework of the national liberation struggle of the Palestinian people, the Israeli government has met criticism in recent days. This week, tens of thousands of people walked the name to protest against the planned legal reform. The Bill will give the Israeli parliament the opportunity to expressly adopt laws that are Istride with the Israeli constitution, and it will deprive the Minister of Justice and High Court the power to suspend the Prime Minister. Protesters were attacked by the police in Tel-Aviv and other cities with anesthetic grenades and gangs.
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/08/palaestina-bosaettere-og-haeren-angriber-palaestinensere-i-huwara/ 
Clara Zetkin: Meeting with Lenin 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T05:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T18:25:14+00:00
Description: On the occasion of March 8, the Communist Library has published the work "Meetings with Lenin", which is a significant work within the Marxist line within the women's movement. The work is written by…
Images: [' 220px-c_zetkin_1.jpg ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
 On the occasion of March 8, the Communist Library has published the work "Meeting Medlenin", which is a significant work within the Marxist line in the women's movement.
The work was written by Clara Zetkin, a great German communist and friend of Lenin, as boats actively participated in the left of Germany's Social Democracy and later detailed Germany's Social Democracy, Spartakus Association and contributed to the Communist Party of Germany.
She sat represented in the Reichstag until in 1933, for open -light reasons, had to go into exile in the Soviet Union.
Clara Zetkin is also of great importance, as it was her proposal at the meeting of the People's House in Copenhagen [at Jagtvej 69] in 1910, which laid the ground for the annual celebration of working women's international match day on March 8.
You can read the work here .
Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/08/clara-zetkin-moder-med-lenin/ 
Long live March 8: International working day!Raise 
Author: Movimento Feminino Popular
Time: 2023-03-08T06:30:00-03:00
Images: []
Tags: []
Women of the people for the revolution!
On March 8, we at the Popular Women's Movement bring our junior greezers to women workers around the world. We greet, in a pad, those who resist weapons in their hands against imperialism, the opportunity, and the whole reaction in the popular wars ongoing in Peru, India, Turkey and the Philippines. Directed by Marxist-Leninist-Maoist communist parties, they fight in the forefront against hateful treatment and sameness that the rotten and decaying capitalist society reserves women from people.
We also greeted the heroic liberation wars in Palestine, Ukraine, Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan, where the masses imposed heavy defeats to the imperialism, with the expulsion of the invasive troops of their territory. Even without a consequent proletarian direction, the masses have given and give, in these countries, examples of the heroic achievements they are capable!
With the same spirit, we greeted Brazilian workers - workers, peasants and honest intellectuals - who fight bravely, bread, worthy employment, against the chacinas committed by the police, by a future for her children. This moment of celebration is also an occasion to make it clear that our friends and enemies are, and how we should fight to overthrow acathostrophe that plagues us.
A Proletarian Revolution is the way for women's emancipation 
We repudiate the hateful and millennial oppression and violence against women. Its origin in private property and class society, not nopatriarchy, as stated by bourgeois feminists. And for this reason female the female can only be overcome with the emancipation of women through their incorporation into the revolutionary struggle and the liberation of all proletarian aclasse that will end private property.
In countries dominated by imperialism, as in Brazil, the people face three reactionary people: imperialism, bureaucratic capitalism and asamifeudality. Women must also face a fourth mountain: their secular oppression. In the midst of the revolutionary struggle, we must overthrow reactionary conceptions about women. Without it, there will be neither emancipation nor the victory of the popular revolution. In the new society you will want to transform domestic work into a social industry and its full incorporation into social practice.We repudiate the postmodern and reactionary theses of bourgeois-bourgeois feminism, widespread by press monopolies and opportunists, that a "female empowerment" is possible on the sidelines of the struggle. This is just one more lie with which the reaction seeks to justify currents that impose on us. Meanwhile, the women of the people remain in fact life in subhuman conditions, prostitution and other evils that exist there are campaigns, without being removed by the bourgeoisie.
Just promises and demagogies!The emancipation of workers can only be the work of the workers themselves; It will not come by the blessing of any social candidate or so many. We affirm, against all reformists, who women of the people can only achieve their basic rights - and the main ones, the power to radically change their own position and the world - in which they take an active part in the revolutionary struggle.
Why the March 8 is Women's Day Worker and don't stop women? 
International Proletarian Women's Day was proposed by the German communist Zetkin during the II Conference of Socialist Women in 1910, and was celebrated on different dates. On March 8, 1917 Narcissia, under the direction of the great Bolshevik leader Lenin, there was a important demonstration with tens of thousands of workers against hunger, Aguerra and Tsarism. Since then, our date has settled on this day.
Therefore, it is in revolutionary Russia, the homeland of the great socialist revolution of others, and not in the United States or Western Europe, where this glorious tradition is sinking, which remains to this day, the event of bourgeois academics in their intention to rewrite ahistory.
Download here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wMX1rwGRMJqDr5YESBf_oq7ZA1hVCe--/view?usp=sharing)The 2023 MFP Bulletin
Download here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1u_OZa_zOVCt6sMxkzk1-HBEm9ORUPjub/view?usp=share_link)The Banner of Comrade Norah
Download here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BcdLdKK_XAP57_xGDXq5GI7BNLeMggXU/view?usp=sharing)The Banner of the companion Sandra
News Source: https://brasilmfp.blogspot.com/2023/03/viva-o-08-de-marco-dia-internacional-da_089374983.html 
PC 8 March - Cutro massacre: the survivors of the shipwreck treated as animals 
Author: fiorerosso
Description: Observatory March 07, 2023in Migrantiedit the complaint of the lawyers: "The 98 survivors in the former dear in inhuman conditions". POS benches ...
Time: 2023-03-08T06:59:00+01:00
Images: []
Observatory
March 07, 2023in Migrantiedit
The complaint of the lawyers: "The 98 survivors in the former dear in Conditionisumane". Benches instead of beds, promiscuous bathrooms and without heating.
"They are retained in arbitrary form in two inadequate warehouses not only so that it escaped a terrible shipwreck, but for any human being. Vannochiusi." The voice of Professor Alessandra Sciurba, professor of the University of Palermo and coordinator of the Legal Clinic Migration Editti, tells the other side of the tragedy of the Spread of Cutro. "From a unallated there is a country that is moved, on the other there are people who see their rights".
From Friday he has been in Crotone, as a volunteer with a part of the clinicalgal migrations and the rights of the University(coordinating)and with others associations. Alessandra Sciurba, Egyptian Palermo university professor, does not use the least terms to describe what she found herself in front of her was able to
Meeting the migrants who survived the shipwreck of Cutro, women and children aroused to escape the death that instead swallowed at least 70 people cheerano aboard the Caicco left by Turkey and broke in two to about 100 meters from the Calabrian beach.
For Sciurba, however, to the drama that was consumed in front of the beach Dicutro, is following a second covered by silence. If in fact at sea "the logic of police and defense of the boundaries on that of the rescuelle in danger, the logic of the confinement of the confinement and of the apunition of those who emigrate on respect for humanity".
Thus the survivors of the shipwreck, tried in the physicist and in the soul for having in many cases a family member in the crossing of the Mediterranean ended intragedia on the Calabrian coast, are kept "in an improvised hotspot. Unpiccola Lampedusa also for them. With improvised beds, benches for Sleeping women and children arranged in the same area of men ".
Before leaving Crotone Sciurba does not fail to criticize the institutions: "I did not make sense if it made it sense, if we could be useful. And instead it was very very important - he says - here everything is needed. Well beyond the emotion for short visits of the institutions"."Many ask that the bodies return to Afghanistan, despite having fallen from the regime of the Taliban, and we must find the way, even if it is he is dangerous for these families, to give dignity to this desire", explains Sciurba, but "but" but " There is no news on the transport destined for the transport of these bodies. There is no information certain nothing. The families who came from everywhere are confused, frustrated, desperate ". "The boys and girls of the Sabir Association of Crotone do everything they can - the volunteer still says - as well as isommozzators and all the teams that still continue in the search for bodies, certainly more than 30, which are still missing".
On Sunday afternoon Alessandra Sciurba was on the beach of Steccato Dicutro, "with these mothers and fathers and grandparents and children and brothers and sisters of Chinon made it, we tried to explain how it was possible". "But Leparole are missing - he adds again - and the certainty that this country has unforgivable some takes your breath away when you discover, as happened to us, entering the Cara of Crotone first with the Municipality and then with the honorablefranco Mari, where they were Located the survivors ". "The survivors of the broken of the broken of which all of Italy has cried the tragedy, they are imprisoned indue sheds in the center in the center, two warehouses - he says - a hotspotimprivated with half of the beds that would be needed, the others sleep on theipanche. Women and minors in the midst of adult men . The shared bathroom. Disgusted liparetes, no heating. No sheets. No closed shoes. Ed the possibility, being confined there if not for a few outputs and escorted, to remain next to the coffins and relatives who came here acrotone from afar to identify and crying the dead. And it is difficult to ask how to overcome the senseless rigidity of the European elections that prohibit them to follow the corpses of their loved ones in the incussion cases these will be brought to other EU countries where family members are found before them ".
"In addition to the truth and justice on the death of their families, the dignity of the victims is also loronegata now," is also the love for the treatment reserved for those who have escaped death.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-strage-di-cutro-i-superstiti.html 
Without revolution there will be no emancipation of women 
Author: Revolución Obrera
Time: 2023-03-08T07:00:00-05:00
Images: [' Mujer-con-bandera.jpg ', ' mujer-con-bandera-tina-modotti.jpg ']
Tags: ['8 de marzo 2023', 'día internacional de la mujer', 'Emancipación de la Mujer', 'femininismo', 'machismo', 'Movimiento Femenino Revolucionario']
Categories: ['Emancipación de la mujer']
!Without revolution there will be no emancipation of women1 ](https://www.revolucionobrera.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Mujer-con-bandera.jpg)113 years of the proclamation of International Women's Day for the Second International Conference of Socialist Women, held in 1910.
For 113 years, revolutionary women illustrate us about the need and the importance of the political emancipation of female and how we must take advantage of all opportunities to boost liberation, the emancipation of all kinds of oppression(economic, social and political)that about women exercises the bourgeois dictatorship. From there the revolutionary character of March 8 follows.
At the beginning of the 20th century, as now, the economic crisis of capitalism and imperialist lauerra were a heavy burden on the shoulders of the problem and, of course, fell with greater acuity over the women of Laclase workers, so it became more urgent and It is necessary to organize a radical lalucha for the defense of the life of the oppressed masses, and for this reason the guidance of socialist ideas was fundamental.
It was socialist ideology that allowed women to understand that the origin of their oppression emerged with private property. That since the society was divided between exploiters and exploited, the male figure was imposed on the woman, condemning her to exploitation and oppression not only of the patterns, but also of the men who exercise the role of the pattern in thehogar; And it was the socialist ideology that has allowed us to understand that in order to end the oppression of women, private property must be ended on the means of production.
They were also the revolutionary ideas of the socialist women of 1910 that helped to provide the entire labor movement in general, and female almovimiento in particular, of the necessary strength and organization to conquer power and through workers and peasants to obtain large conquests that approached To the woman to an authentic liberation, Talcomo occurred in socialist countries such as the USSR and China.Today, the world faces a terrible situation: political crisis and imperialist warfares; Economic, social, environmental crisis ... Capitalism is in a much more critical degree of decomposition, so that all conservative, retrograde and reactionary Suideology is discharged with greathostility against women and prevents the development of art, science, culture and, in general , of all aspects of society.
In different corners of the world, women refuses the possibility of showing face, her hair and body, she is prohibited To completely unfair salary gaps, mass dismissals, schedules and working days, work and sexual harassment by employers, few opportunities for promotion and violation of all labor rights, etc.
As if this were not enough, the dantesque figures of physical, psychological abuse, violations and murders against women and the infants are added. A whole exacerbation of sexist violence that corresponds to the stage of crisis and degradation of the capitalist economic system.
To end this violence against women, the female movement should be able to make the revolution with the proletariat, fighting that orendology that sees the working woman, not only as a merchandise and labor to the service of the capitalists just like the man , but also do the body of women and sexuality a merchandise and a source of deriqueness.
Making the emancipation of women come to link to the tasks of larevolution; that proletarian women organize around anti -capitalist and socialist principles, which they put as the target of their struggle destruction of private property; organize around some principles and a platform that politically mobilizes the women working on the countryside and the city so that we fight not only against the consequences but, and mainly, against the deep causes of the opression and against all the manifestations of violence that engenders the macho.
We require organizations willing to promote political education and revolutionary Lamovilization of the women of the people, not only to stop psychological, physical and sexual laviolence with which we are attacked, but also, to fight for rights in labor and economic matters.We must fight to build a revolutionary female movement(MFR)that consciously links to the struggle for the most urgent claims of women as part of the entire working class; that your action is through direct struggle and in the streets as the main method to obtain arouse. A female movement that, therefore, contribute consciously in the tasks of a revolution in Colombia, by the hand of the working class. Be therefore March 8 one day to remember the words of Comrade Clara Zetkin: _ This is our call for you have an hour in which the proletariat is fighting with life and death, a call to all working women, all Housewives Ymadres, regardless of political or religious creed: Remember that we are companions in misery!Let's join!Let's get out of the withdrawals where we must, let's reveal the wounds in the eyes of the mundocapitalista, drunk of temporary victory. Let's proclaim our demands. Let's find our will to fight for these demands. We oppose the furious greed for the profits and attacks of the capitalists with their own demands.

Long live the internationalist struggle of women against animperialist oppression and violence against women in fundamentalist states and in everyone!Against all the macho violence of the capitalist system: Organize socialist lavolution!Against the economic and macho violence of the capitalists: Organize the revolutionary female moving! 
!Without revolution there will be no emancipation of women2 ](https://www.revolucionobrera.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/mujer-con-bandera-tina-modotti.jpg) _ Woman with Bandera, Mexico City, 1928 Tina Modotti _ 
News Source: https://www.revolucionobrera.com/mujer/mujer-9/ 
PC 8 March - demonstration against Netanyau's visit to Rome 
Author: maoist
Description: None
Time: 2023-03-08T07:08:00+01:00
Images: [' PHOTO-2023-03-07-20-43-18.jpg ']
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-9-marzo-manifestazione-contro-la.html 
PC 8 March - on the Nudm appeal for the strike of 8 March: some notes - from the blog of the revolutionary proletarian feminist movement 
Author: maoist
Description: https://feminismoMorivoluzione.blogspot.com/ It is certainly positive that the NUDM Movement has also relaunched for this 8 Mar ...
Time: 2023-03-08T07:58:00+01:00
Images: [' nudm.jpg ']
https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/ 
 It is certainly positive that the Nudm movement has also relaunched for this March 8 the strike as a day/action action in connection with international lamobilization and we hope that this new strike has been and that in many we go into struggle in the squares, in the events, in a phase In which the women's movement has already shown, see the 26-note in Rome, which can be an important avant-garde trench against the current reactionary government, bundle-sexist Meloni.
But on the "transfeminist strike" called by Nudm we cannot fail to enter the merit of some issues.
_ "We strike from work inside and away from home, from gender roles and gives the roles that are imposed on us, from consumption. Gender violence, lapandemia, war, ecological disaster, inflation: we live in a world continuous crises that there are no emergencies but evident signs of a chesi system is crumbled, an unfair system that forces us to live vite insustable and that would like to close ourselves in isolation and impotence ... "_ly in the appeal of convocation
Of course, the capitalist social system in which we live is deeply unfair but it is not the moral side that explains why, it is not existing dialustice or justice denied for women, for workers, popular masses, for each Oppressed "subjectivity" ... but they are light tenders that regulate this specific social system based on the capital/waged work, on the exploitation of the man, a system that places the doppiosphrustation and the double oppression of the majority as one of its cornerstones/bases of women.It is clear that in the strike of 8 March, which is not reducible to a roughly of the category/vertential sector, the bi/dreams/needs must be placed of women, of the workers ...: in the experience that we do as the daily requests that we bring to the Lotte where we organize ledon/workers or that we collect from women, from the workers who are inheuded with suffering or who still do not fight, make alive and agent lapiattaforma of the strike of women who arises, but this strike to be inserted in a revolutionary strategic vision All life women must really change " It means yes every day to make a long -lasting struggle, it means, in the face of a condition of a 360 degree company in this capitalist and imperialist social system, to put the need for the revolutionary struggle for The women, with the most oppressed and exploited ledonnas in the center, the proletarian women who have nothing to give in this system but every chain of oppression to be broken.
In the appeal/conception of Nudm this vision is not there, the strike of theonnas is placed as an important practice of struggle but which here and now already "transformed", that here and now it would be already totally free _ "... Losciopero is the Liberation process for all, it is the revolution within the efuori of us "; _ therefore, it is not considered as a stupid/weapon of a dilot phase of a path that must have as its objective the reversal of this social, but is replaced by the widest Revolutionary struggle for women, and primarily to proletarian women, for the purpose of a social true, to even "overcome it, reinvent it together ..." ._
If on the one hand it is positive the question of putting the need to build an "common force against" _ the strike must be considered as a weapon of struggle, a struggle to be hurled against masters, government, this bourgeois state must start from the places of I work to extend to all areas that the life of the majority of women, but in the appeal of Nudm Sapalesa again the risk of emptying it, precisely to "overcome" him of his own struggle of the collective and organized class struggle of women, disfoid/break against the Oppressors ...Nudm in his appeal writes: _ "Let's strike together from the roles of the genusins together because we are lesbians, trans, froce and queer and our desires so that subjectivity can be liberal and can affirm the right to self -determination on their bodies, against violence, lepatologists and Psychiatrizations imposed on trans and intersex people. Let's get together to affirm different ways of doing and being a family ". 'Opuscolo360 °, produced a few years ago by the MFPR, in which we wrote: "... to the" global "strike is also added" transfeminist ", we speak of the strike of the and Daigneri. This concept is also the weakening, underestimated the class struggle, a sirest precisely On the superstructural plane and on the gender conflict….
Nudm also addresses the women who work, exploit, the precarious workers, those who work but in the representation of Nudm does not clearly place themselves concretely on the jobs, from factories to all the ramper places.
Finally, the platform, very long, which Nudm proposes for the strike, the reformist perspective in which the claims are fell. Unesempio is on the issue of income. In the appeal we write: " ScioperiamoItaini for an income of self -determination that guarantees us independence economic and autonomy to escape violence ... "; This is logicariformist. One thing is to tie the income question to the issue of violence with women who have no economic independence, another thing to delude themselves to being with the "self -determination income" from the yoke/exploitationocapital/work in this capitalist company and then from where Lisarsersi would arise for income, Who, which women must be exploited to produce the part, of whom a part would have "redistribute" in income?
This is idealism/illusion/bourgeois illusion, to be freed from the wage work of the wage work on which this society is based in the Cuiviviva we must destroy the social source from which that exploitation of therminated emanates.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/8-marzo-sullappello-di-nudm-per-lo.html 
March 8 Manifesto in Mexico 
Author: SolRojista (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: Popular-Mx female movement "to promote the political emancipation of women is the duty of the socialist women of all ...
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T08:27:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T08:27:32-08:00
Images: [' Infograf%C3%ADa%208M.png ']

 

Popular Female Movement-MX 
_ _
_ "To promote the political emancipation of women, it is the duty of the socialist women of all countries to struggle the principles mentioned above, the aforementioned principles ... _ ___ This The woman must have an international character and must be carefully prepared. " _
Clara Zetkin 
Prolamation of International Women's Day(March 8) 
Segunda International Conference of Socialist Women, Copenhagen, Denmark, 1919 

To working class women 
To the oppressed women of the countryside and the city 
comrades 
This is the International Women's Day , and for women of Mexico below that we are three times oppressed, first for being women, second for being poor and third for being indigenous, it is a specially important day.
From the monopolies of the bourgeois press we are intended to start this day; We want to "congratulate being women" and we are intended to do in the same sack together with the bourgeois and landowners who offer and exploit our people. We are called to "raise our voice" against gender work fighting against our fellow men, but we are asked to score with respect to the class roles that have been imposed since the emergence of private property, subjecting us to the parasitic classes in Elpoder.
On the other hand, the USAID and other agencies of imperialism try to decooptar, to paint colors and coup bearers identified "progress" and postmodernist couples that promote from the academy and the NGOs(contrainsurgentes). Los clichés del lenguaje inclusivo, el separatismo aultranza y las visiones distópicas e individualistas que nos proponen, sontotalmente ajenas a nuestra defensa de la vida, de la alegría, y del feminismoproletario.
The landowner, the banker's wife, the senator, "La Corcholata", note to be kidnapped and outraged in the streets because they do not walk in our websons; They have cars, drivers and guaruras that take care of them at the expense of Laplusvalía that extract from our workforce.
For the women of the people, the struggle for female emancipation is increasingly linked to the defense of the territory, water, life, health, labor rights, childhoods, etc. as well as the fight for national liberation, for new democracy and socialism that Mexico claims to end the exploitation of humanity.
Therefore from the popular female movement(MFP-Mx)We want to throw a retrospective one - once more - to the origins of this date, in order to define it, to claim it and to lift again the reddish flag the working class with which we have marched since then; Not the flag that imposes the UN, not the green flag that by chance has been for 10 years with a right that capitalism and bourgea All the women.
The red flag and red scarf belong to the women of the town, red as the revolution that we fly! 
Long live on March 8, International Day of Working Women! 
Proletarian feminism, destroys patriarchy! 
MFP-MX 
March 8, 2023 


News Source: http://solrojista.blogspot.com/2023/03/manifiesto-del-8-de-marzo-en-mexico.html 
PC 8 March - Fighting initiatives for workers and workers - MFPR info 
Author: maoist
Description: 8 March Taranto 10 am Piazza Castello with the workshops of the kindergartens, cleaning schools, ...
Time: 2023-03-08T08:34:00+01:00
Images: [' loc%20mfpr%208.3.23_page-0001.jpg ']
8 March Taranto 
10 am Piazza Castello 
With the work combatives of the kindergartens, cleaning schools, of the former ILVA contract on strike 

18 Via L. Andronico, 47 c/o Slai Cobas 
_ "Let's celebrate our March 8 making the" party "to them" _, 
Video, songs, pieces to read 
On the condition and struggles of women 

March 8 Palermo 
We strike!Piazza Pretoria at 9.30 
Piazza del Parliament Sicilian Regional Assembly at 11.30 
A day of unity and struggle, of all the workers of the 
Beretta. 

March 8: u nity and organization of 
workers! 
On March 8th at national level, women, women, of elavoratory workers, by factories in all jobs where they are organized, launched by the Slai Cobas SC with other basic unions(This laconvocation to the Ministry <http://cobasperilsindacatodiclasse.blogspot.com/2023/03/2-marzo-sciopero-dell8-marzo.html> )A day of struggle necessary because as workers you can't do it for workloads, heavy conditions at work, lediscriminations that
We suffer, the precarious work with cassintegration at risk of eighteenth -century redundancies; The lowest qualifications, the less professional duties, less safe illarying in contracts ... a heaviness of life that outside of work enters our homes and families.(Do workers tell the difficulties digesting the children, who to leave them? But from Mirafiori and from the other Exfit factories, up to Beretta, the workers denounce that to bend them, we are used to change turn, the changes of hours at the last minute, leveraging the care system they have on their shoulders.
But individualism does not help, it increases fear, the confederalinon unions make anything, indeed they always sign agreements in favor of companies and that's it ... and in the meantime everything has increased and the expenses never end….)We need a challenge, a break, against the masters and the black government of Meloni, who wants to make the modern Middle Ages normal for the majority of theonnas; from immediate struggles to 'bi/dreams' of the majority of the/workers, so
A whole life to change from 
FACTORY 
Milan - Health 

News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-iniziative-di-lotta-delle.html 
DF: crash on the subway highlights privatization threats 
Author: Martins Santino
Description: On February 28th the DF subway service was completely interrupted all morning and early afternoon. The system crash occurred after the
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T09:57:48-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T13:51:54-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T13:51:54-03:00
Images: [' image2-1.png ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['Privatização', 'transporte público']
Type: article
Stations dawned closed throughout the Federal District. Photo: Jornal de Brasília
On February 28th the DF subway service was completely interrupted all morning and early afternoon. The crash in the systemocrere after the breakdown and theft of cables. This has made the scrapping situation even more crucial in which the Metro-DF is, under deprivation threat.
The Metro-DF system was paralyzed throughout Tuesday morning, 28th, until an early in the afternoon, around 1:15 pm, due to a breach of fibroptic cables and energy cable theft. This stoppage of the service eventually prejudicated the more than 130,000 daily users of the meter transportation service, and contributed to the occurrence of traffic traffic congestion, also overcrowding the bus system.
 Congested traffic and hops of bodied bodies on February 28. Photo: Metropolis
This event highlights the scenario in which the DF Metropolitan Company(Metro-DF)is: the deliberate scrapping of the service with the intention deprivating it. In recent times, it is even more evident the precariousness of Dometrô-DF, with episodes, including the fire principle, which occurred in a short time.
Another situation that denounces precariousness is the lack of employees. The Metro-DF has not held a public tender since 2013. With this, there is a lack of stupid tickets in some less busy stations, which causes the temporary release of turnstiles. There is still the use of makeshift tickets for ticket collection, due to nonpositional failures of the QR code system at the tickets, causing it to be made tickets of the old standard, no longer accepted by the turnstiles.
Such circumstances denounce the strategy of the district government to expedite the privatization of the service, which has been in process to occur in partnership since the beginning of the current management.
In September 2021, the then governor(now away)Ibaneis RochareAfit his intention to privatize the Metro-DF, claiming that the investment service. On the same day, a subway car had suffered a designer in the morning, and such an accident served as an argument for the agent to reinforce the speech of granting the service to private initiative.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/df-pane-no-metro-evidencia-ameacas-de-privatizacao/ 
Women fight the land throughout Brazil - the new democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: Thousands of peasant women mobilized in struggle for the land all over Brazil between March 1st and 8th, International Day of Proletarian Women. To the
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T14:10:47-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T14:10:51-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T14:10:51-03:00
Images: []
Section: Luta Pela Terra
Tags: ['Tomadas de terra']
Type: article
Peasants mobilized in Bahia, Alagoas and Rio Grande do Sul. Photo: Reproduction
Thousands of peasant women mobilized in struggle for the land throughout the work of March 1st and 8th, International Day of Proletarian Women. .
Hundreds of peasant women took lands in Bahia between the 1st and 8 pm, International working day. The outlets are part of the national d -jar of struggle of landless women, organized by the movement of landless rural workers(MST). Até o momento, 470 mulheres camponesasparticiparam na tomada de três latifúndios.
Na madrugada do dia 01/03, cerca de 120 camponesas ocuparam a Fazenda SantaMaria, no município de Itaberaba, na região da Chapada Diamantina (BA). Afazenda ocupada tem quase 2 mil hectares de terra e está abandonada.
No dia 05/03, centenas de mulheres camponesas ocuparam duas fazendasabandonadas na Bahia. Na região da Chapada Diamantina, cerca de 100 camponesasocuparam a Fazenda Rosarinho, município de Rafael Jambeiro. De acordo com oMST, o latifúndio com mil hectares está abandonado há mais de oito anos e semcumprir sua “função social”. Outra ocupação aconteceu na região nordeste doestado, no município de Jeremoabo, onde 200 mulheres ocuparam a fazendaEspinheiro. Ainda segundo o MST, a área estava também abandonada há muitosanos, sendo uma parte de terras devolutas e outra parte, com mais de 620hectares, de um único proprietário.
Todas essas terras são, agora, alvo da ocupação de centenas de camponesespobres. Contando com o apoio dos milhões de camponeses sem terra ou com poucaterra na busca de viver com dignidade. Esta luta ocorre por todo o país, comopor exemplo em Rondônia, em que mais de 800 famílias realizaram o CortePopular na Área Tiago Campin dos Santos e já estão colhendo os frutos dotrabalho.
Cerca de mil camponesas marcharam em Maceió (AL), on 03/07, towards the UPPERINENCE of the National Institute of Colonization and Agrarian Reform(Incra), in the center of the capital. The peasants demanded from the Institute Immediate Aregularization of their lands.Land regularization is an important agenda of the peasant struggle throughout Opaís, as it is a step towards definitive titration. Although the title given by the old state is not the final guarantee that the peasants will not be remained from their land for the landlord, it can boost the struggle against delayed relationships of dependence and submission of the landlord(semi -feudal relations).
Leia em: AL: Camponeses realizam combativo ato exigindo a regularização desuas terras ##### In RS, peasants denounce threatened damn dam 
About 300 peasants carried out an act in the Vila Heriros community, Nobairro Lomba do Pinheiro, in front of the Lomba do Sabão dam, in the Entreportorto Alegre and Viamão border, in Rio Grande do Sul. According to the peasants, Olocal, abandoned by the Porto Alegre City Hall since 2000, has a breakthrough. The peasants report that the breaking of the damn damage to countless damage to about 70,000 people directly affected and requires the city to take immediate measures.
Also in the demonstration, honors were made for the moving militant affected by dams(MAB)Débora Moraes, a local resident, who was a 2022 was murdered by her husband.
Contrary to what the thousands of peasants are required to fight for land, Ogoverno Lula/Alckimin(more than two months)He still did not even present a plane of “agrarian reform”. This has motivated denunciations of the masses of all Opaís that, without waiting for the paralysis of the ruling classes to meet their life, take land from north to south of the country.
Read also: In a new wave of occupations, 1,700 peasant families occupy a quarter of large estates in Bahia Read also: Against the crisis, 1,400 peasant families are facing and take large estates across the country Read also: Peasants mobilize with occupations and protests and shudder Abahia 
Facing both the landlord and its gun, such as the government and suemagogy, the peasant masses point to the path of taking the dolatifundium lands.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/mulheres-lutam-pela-terra-em-todo-o-brasil/ 
Free Filipinos | March 2023 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T14:14:17+00:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The free Filipino will be officially read by the Makibaka who is published four times a year. Opening the direction of any comment or suggestion you want to convey. The consciousness also accepts
Images: [' 202303_Malayang-Pilipina-1-842x1024.png ']
Categories: ['Malayang Pilipina', 'Publications']
Type: article
 _ Download Here _ Filipino: PDF 
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/03/08/malayang-pilipina-march-2023/ 
PC March 8: the bourgeoisie "wears women". Not in our name!March 8 is proletarian revolutionary feminist! 
Author: fannyhill
Description: Request the sheet of March 8: mfpr.naz@gmail.com on this March 8 the bourgeoisie "disguises herself a woman". The mass media, the government parties ...
Time: 2023-03-08T16:03:00+01:00
Images: [' foglio%208%20marzo%202023_page-0002.jpg ', ' foglio%208%20marzo%202023_page-0001.jpg ']
Request the sheet of March 8: mfpr.naz@gmail.com 
 
 In this March 8 the bourgeoisie "disguises herself a woman". The mass media, the government parties and the parliament use women in power to confirm their abarbar system and demonstrate, in the face of raw and serious reality, that the lacker of women emerges and advance. And they make references/examples of role women in this company for all tastes.
It does it first of all the right(But, on the "woman" question, not "left" denied)with the fascist Meloni, who uses the fact of beingon/mother as a patacca; It is a servant who seeks space in every international, who makes the Piazzista of the interests of Italian Grandipadrons in North Africa, in M.O., in Egypt, in India, etc., and Perquesto, like the most squalid of merchants, always offers/provides/provides/provides/ More weapons pearly imperialist war in Ukraine who is killing above all ebambini women; As he takes away money from school, health, social services, downloading the care, assistance, caravan work on women.What differentiates Meloni from previous governments are not as much economic/political lemisures as the ideological, culturally loading load.
This is the "left"/the majority part of the Democratic Party, which found the new life in thelfa to try in the
Pieditously to make up his face, to go back to the surface. Schlein also lifters to be a "woman/young" to reappear as new a reformismovecchio, which today inevitably is at the service of modern fascism. He states civil rights, with which the small and medium bourgeoisie, of which Lasclein is representative, affirms his needs and suffocates the needs of the most exploited and oppressed.
His "duel" with Meloni is "Palazzo" stuff that has nothing to do the struggle of the majority of women against this government.
But all this only highlights that in this capitalist society Laclasse distinguishes individuals more than sex.
For this we say: not in our name!
For this, as we shouted on November 26 in the great event, let's say: "Meloni fascist we women make you war!"; And let's say to the Democratic Party: Noidonne we do not make us screw, our worst enemy/obstacle in the struggle is reformism that wants to deviate, curb the progress of the struggle of women, workers, precarious, immigrants, unemployed, poor; That cannot be any alternative to women who want to change all their lives elected for another society, another power, the proletarian proletarian.
It is a new, necessary challenge/breaking that we have in place: against masters, against the black Meloni government who wants to make modern mediaevo for women. But they delude themselves!
From immediate struggles to the "bi/dreams" of the majority of women who do not have nothing to preserve in this social system but have every chain to daspezzle, proletarian women are the most determined trench to fight putrefied capitalist system, patriarchal. Girls, women, companions in the emanifestations against the imperialist war, against capital/imperialism, against the repression that wants to condemn those who dare to fight the state, like Alfredo Cosato, in the mobilizations alongside the arrival of Iranian women, etc., are already Today on the front line.
The workers say that they no longer do it for workload, lepening conditions at work and out of work, in homes.The heaviness of work, which concerns many other sectors of workers and working uncertainty, the impoverishment that mainly affects women(siè can(Continue from the first)Cenate the citizenship income that affects about 52.7% of women)He kills on a physical and psychological plane; But for women, work is important because it also means economic independence and emancipation, it means aware of what the masters are, of what this system is, it also means joining with other workers and therefore feeling stronger.
In this situation, sometimes we think that 'there is nothing more to do'. But lecompagne of the revolutionary proletarian feminist movement, for years, they have been transforming the complaint, the cry against exploitation, oppression, discrimination, in struggle.
Today a courageous example comes from the workers of Beretta who struggle Fabbrica. These workers, with the MFPR, organized an Aphine Opera Operacy assembly in Trezzo; A different assembly, managed directly by them, Incui have launched a message of autonomous protagonism of the women in the struggle/war against the masters and this government. A message united to other women, workers. An assembly that showed that by working women organize and fight, even if these struggles from immediate aspects: wage, hours, health and safety, inevitably bring the whole condition as women to the struggle.
In the tide of the women's movement, we call the most conscious workers, the most active workers, the immigrants who suffer a triplices -defrutation, to unite, to be the strong, classy voice in the receipt the government, the masters, the state.
In Rome on November 26, at the event promoted by Nudm which was the greatest mobilization in Italy, the immediate repressive reaction of the policy/Digos that wanted to seize, to tear our banner, the expansion of the presence, as a still small contingent of the MFPR, but combined with Spezzonidi women, immigrants of Rome engaged in their territory in the struggles for Lacasa, for work, as to reality of students; The bulletinating of the storage, of exponents of the government, of the Parliament of Fdi and other parties that they have shouted at the danger of the return of the "years of lead", of "seriously" to Meloni, of "unheard of violence of women to a woman"; Tuttoquesto showed that we had well caught in the mark.This also does this by fighting positions in the feminist movement, expressed in particular by Nudm, who often instead of helping the struggle of theonnas brakes it, deviate it with a line/practice in radical words but reformist, who suffocate the class struggle By enhancing only the Dignere struggle, effective expression of the small bourgeoisie that wants a "radical transformation of the capitalist production system", as we are writing to the strike of the strike of March 8 Nudm, not the reversal of the only one that cannot be transformed but only bring more and more horrors , exploitation, oppression, wars, death.
We break each chain!We have our "army" proletarious feminist to organize! 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-la-borghesia-veste-donna-non.html 
UFPB students protest the increase in passage - the new democracy 
Author: Ana Nascimento
Description: On the afternoon of March 7, students and workers at the Federal University of Paraíba (UFPB) were repressed by the police when they held a demonstration
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T16:03:15-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T16:36:06-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T16:36:06-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['aumento de passagem', 'ufpb']
Type: article
Photo: TV Cabo Branco/Reproduction
On the afternoon of March 7, students and workers from the Federal University Daparaíba(UFPB)They were repressed by police when they were manifesting against the increase in bus fare in João Pessoa, which passed R $ 4.40 to R $ 4.70. The students began the demonstration at Praça da Paze moved to the University City, where they made a compnee blockade in flames. They denounce that such a measure was taken without discussing the population.
At one point, when they arrived in the university city, the protesters were surrounded by the police, who began to assault, throw rubber bullets and launch pepper spray against those present.
Manifestations such as the one on Tuesday at UFPB are not isolated. They are part of the mass struggle of our country for better working conditions and study against the precariousness of public, free and quality education.
Increases are reported throughout the country 
As with UFPB, students from Curitiba also performed a manifestation against the increase in the passage. In the city, the amount charged passed R $ 5.50 to R $ 6,00. With a large track that carried the consign ** R $ 6,00 eroubo!Free pass now!(one of the entities that organized the protest), hundreds of stressful denounced the population the absurdity of increased tickets.
Read also: PR: held in Curitiba Grande demonstration against the increased passage The current increases in transport rates that occur across the country has the main beneficiary of transport entrepreneurs. Conniving to the anti -poison of the transport mafia, the governments pass the increase to the point without any counterpart. Tired of so much humiliation, with crowded public, spoiled, without maintenance, without air conditioning(even in the middle of summer), the response of the people has been demanding free pass already.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/estudantes-da-ufpb-protestam-contra-aumento-de-passagem/ 
March 8: By real equality for women. 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: Only the revolution will give it, we are for the emancipation of women but that is part of the entire revolution and is part of the emanci ...
Time: 2023-03-08T16:12:00+01:00
Images: []
Only the revolution will give it, we are for the emancipation of the
woman but that is part of the entire revolution and is part of the emancipation of the proletariat;
Therefore, it will be fully in communism, they have to be undoubtedly coming, thus says the
Thesis, according to Marxism the emancipation of women is
part of the emancipation of the proletariat, that is when there will be full fullness,
They will be jumps that will be given; Thus, desire is one thing, reality is another, the other is not seeing the
reality, that is what Marxism says, it is not enough because we could give a decree,
: full legal equality, but it will not be carried out until the communism is the same before the
Life, that's the fact. That distinguished Lenin well, said: "One thing is equal to the law,
guarantee the equality of man and woman, and another thing the equality before Lavida ", and said that the
problem is that women fight for their own emancipation and can only do so
Within the emancipation of the proletariat, there is no other way to do it.
News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/03/8-de-marzo-por-real-igualdad-para-la.html 
PC 8 March - Message from Turkish companions for women who resist in earthquake areas 
Author: maoist
Description: Dear comrades and friends, As International Women's Day For Struggle approaches, we would like to emphasize the strength of solidarity and...
Time: 2023-03-08T16:13:00+01:00
Images: []
Dear comrades and friends,
As International Women's Day For Struggle approaches, we would like toemphasize the strength of solidarity and organizing capacity of the communistand revolutionary women in the devastated cities. Peoples in the region havebeen suffering the harshest conditions during this winter time, but they alsorealise the character of the plunder of the capitalist state. Many socialistorganizations and women's organizations have been conducting solidaritycampaigns together with the people there.
Here is our short thread on the issue with some photos from the work there:
<https://twitter.com/MLKP_IB/status/1633089382935568387> 
Revolutionary greetings,
MLKP International Bureau
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-messaggio-dai-compagni.html 
PC 8 March - The strikes in France continue against the reform of Macron's pensions - short info during the week reports and assessments 
Author: maoist
Description: 1.28 million participants according to the figures of the Ministry of the Interior, three and a half million according to the CGT. About 300 Man were held ...
Time: 2023-03-08T16:43:00+01:00
Images: []
1.28 million participants according to the figures of the Ministry of the Interior, and a half and a half Tremilioni according to the CGT.
About 300 events were held throughout France, with numbers who are also in minor urban centers and rural areas.
From the interviews in the reportages of the various ILDATO information newspapers that emerges among the demonstrators, beyond the union acronym, it is that it is necessary to have the struggle and that only the _bloccoto country will be able to change the government.
The intersindacal, which includes 8 workers' organizations, has already already been a new mobilization for Saturday 11 and another for Wednesday 15, the day of the mixed commission, the last stage of the discussion of the discussion.
Today on Wednesday 8 March, many of the sectors that have striked the 7th union action on 7. Among these, the workers of the railways - with a unanimous vote of all the four representative unions - and gliautists of Rapit(Metro and Bus in Paris).
Se si aggiunge l'azione dei "blocchi filtranti" messa in atto dagliautotrasportatori - mobilitati in parte già da domenica sera - e l'astensionedal lavoro di una parte importante del personale aereoportuale, si ha ilquadro dell'impatto complessivo sul settore.
Nell'istruzione, mentre il Ministero dell'Educazione afferma che nelle scuolesolo un insegnante su tre avrebbe scioperato, il sindacato più rappresentativonel comparto (SNUIPP-FSU)estimates more than 60% adherence to the primary school strike. The FSU calls the decent body to mobilize also for 8marzo. There have been blocks in many higher institutes and in different universities.
Just less than half of the Edf employees would have striked, according to the company ladies. But in the meantime, the strike is also prolonged to this medicine, among other things, in all the sites of the Totellegies, with blocked fuel expeditions. Three of the four of the terminals for natural gas(LNG)will be stopped for a week.
The workers of the nuclear power plants - just under a dozen - eranommable since last Friday. The ports were blocked this Tuesday, and will locate to be Wednesday.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-proseguono-gli-scioperi-in.html 
To: people protests for the third time against bad transportation service - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: The people of the city of Palmas revolted and protested for the second day in a row on March 8, against the bad services that are offered in the city's public transportation.
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T16:45:38-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T16:45:44-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-08T16:45:44-03:00
Images: []
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['ônibus', 'protesto', 'transporte público']
Type: article
Masses block bus terminal in Palmas against overcrowding and delays. Photo: Jornal São De Palmas
The people of the city of Palmas revolted and protested for the second day in a row on March 8, against the bad services that are offered in the public transport of the city. Dozens blocked with garbage containers the Aurenyiii Terminal against overcrowding on buses, which is why drivers have not had the points, causing delays from thousands of people, in the city that contains about 300,000 inhabitants. Some workers claim to be dismissed or lost days of service due to the dotransport situation.
This is the third popular manifestation that requires improvements in service. Appeal of the latest demonstrations against these problems occurred on January 27, also blocking another terminal, the very much. In all the Metropolitan Police, the Environmental Police and the Police were present(PM), in an attempt to repress the protest of the masses, which they did not know.
 
In this transition from the provision of services, no drivers were hired enough to assume the service and the city was without access to the electronic ticketing system, which prevented users from recharging ascartirinhas. Due to the problem with the electronic cards, buses are uninteed, and passengers are having to pay two buses in the exchange of one bus to another. Regarding the lack of integration, Asmassas claim that the money from the tickets leave their pockets, since those bosses do not pay for the value, and that they are now spending double.In another interview at the demonstration on March 27, workers who blocked Rua said they would not leave, as they could not reach the work, and denounce that many had been fired or lost service. A worker said "the day of work is already lost, if we are gaining something, we will win here [in the demonstration]."
In addition to these problems, passengers report that buses are out of arcondition and broken.
The problems of overcrowding, delays, broken buses and other attacks of the people to go and go through the national territory. In several states, passengers and drivers report with demonstrations and strikes the peoples rendered to the people and low salaries to workers public transport.
As effect of these antipovo measures that affect the people in general, on 02/03, in downtown Curitiba(PR), more than 1,000 students and workers were in a demonstration against the increase in bus fare to $ 6.00. Protesters denounced the connection of the mayor of Curitiba with the Gulin family entrepreneurs, holders of more than 70% of the bus consortiums in the capital of Paraná.
Read also: PR: held in Curitiba Grande demonstration against the increased passage Already in Minas Gerais, city of Belo Horizonte, bus drivers from Belo Horizonte began on January 16 a strike demanding decent wages and the reduction of the workday. In this case, the public transport monopoly, BHTrans, even receiving R $ 237.5 million in the subsidy of the prefecture, threatened to increase the fare if it increased the salary of the Motorists.
Read also: MG: Bus drivers on strike require salary 
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/to-povo-protesta-pela-terceira-vez-contra-pessimo-servico-de-transporte/ 
Actions performed March 8 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T17:43:45+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-08T17:48:57+00:00
Description: This report will be updated continuously. We have received documentation that activists from anti -imperialist collective participated in a mark with women in battle and revolutionary socialis…
Images: [' 1-1.jpg ', ' 2-1.jpg ', ' 3-1.jpg ', ' 4.jpg ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
The report will be updated continuously. 
We have received documentation that activists from anti -imperialist collective participated in a marking with women in battle and revolutionary socialists
Speeches were held and songs were played.
 Activists stood with a banner with the slogan »Out on the street March 8!Opposite imperialism and patriarchy!'.
  Head notes with the common opinion of the various revolutionary Nordic organizations were also distributed.  Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/08/aktioner-udfort-8-marts/ 
PC 8 March - The Government of Assassini stopped by the protest of family members - maximum participation in the national event of Cutro 
Author: maoist
Description: Cutro shipwreck, blocked the transfer of the corpses to Bologna after the protest of the family members (ANSA) Sit-in of Protest ...
Time: 2023-03-08T20:38:00+01:00
Images: [' 1678276638462_rainewsbadfbccaabdfece.jpg ', ' 0c92acef81a7f396c72ebff637fa25b7.jpg ', ' protesta-parenti-vittime-naufragio2-1536x690.jpg ']
Cutro shipwreck, blocked the transfer of the corpses to Bologna after Laprotesta of the family members 
![Cutro's shipwreck, the transfer of the corpses to Bologna after the deparest lanprotesta] blocked](Images/proletari comunisti/2023-03-08T20-38-00-01-00/1678276638462_rainewsbadfbccaabdfece.jpg)
(Ansa)Protest sit-in of the families of the victims of the shipwreck in front of the Alpalamilone of Crotone
 The protest of family members in Crotone 
 

Event on the beach of Cutro on March 11, perens of indignation for what happened and solidarity with the families of the vittima. The event, which will begin at 2.30 pm on the Lungomare di Cutro, is "the first important national appointment of a path of initiative emotions that the networks intend to organize" 

News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-8-marzo-il-governo-di-assassini.html 
2 - Women's strike/workers March 8 in Palermo 
Author: fight
Description: The day of strike and struggle continued in Palermo with a new sit -in at the Palazzo del Parliament Siciliano -ars, where the precarious coo ...
Time: 2023-03-08T20:48:00+01:00
Images: [' ars%20arrivo.jpg ', ' coop%20socilai.jpg ', ' ars%202.jpeg ', ' ars%203%20do.jpg ', ' Ville.jpg ', ' 12%20mila%20euro%20.jpg ']
The day of strike and struggle continued in Palermo with a new sit-all Palazzo of the Sicilian Parliament -ars, where the precarious coops, workers elees, came to improvise a fighting mini-body that was in the crowded square of workers and precarious workers OSS and TECHNICIDELLA Healthcare in the event, taken during the outbreak of Covid now bound all outside and without work, while hospitals are increasingly alospanding.
Strong and beautiful exchange of solidarity, with applause and then slogans and comiziins together with our megaphone with the many operators in particular to Cuia we gave the flyer.
Video of the mini-body
 One solution, stabilization!
 
 
 The ARS deputies obscenely increased salaries and dependent allowances while thousands of workers, precarious, unemployed, unemployed Devonovivere or with very low wages or starving, given the attack on the income of the pre -dictittadinance of which many women are also deprived today.
You will pay it!
 The beautiful solidarity final greeting of the precarious coops, who also obtained a meeting with the vice-president of the Ars for next week,
to the precarious and precarious health care
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/03/2-sciopero-delle-donnelavoratrici-8.html 
March 8 History 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T59:00:00-04:00
Head Description: When this edition is left, March 8, millions of women in our country and worldwide will be in the streets fighting for their rights. What is the origin of this day of struggle?
Description: Since the mid -19th century, the development of the labor movement was growing, and there were many struggles headed by the workers, or where they had an outstanding role, in Europe and the United States. There are different investigations that link some of these struggles to the origin of working women's day. But the truth is that the & Hellip;
Images: [' 8m.jpg ']
Type: article
 Since the mid -19th century, the development of the labor movement was growing, and there were many struggles headed by the workers, or where they had a prominent, in Europe and the United States. There are different investigations that some of these struggles link the origin of Women's Day.
But the truth is that the initiative to specify a day of struggle in all countries claiming the rights of women corresponds to the international second of socialist women in Copenhagen, Capital Dedinamarca, between August 25 and 27, 1910.
This conference was given in the framework of an international socialist congress held in that city, about 100 socialist delegates from 16 countries participated, and was chaired by the revolutionary German Clara Zetkin, who proposed a "special day" of women "following The example of the American companions ”, referring to the United States, where the women of the American Socialist Party impulse the celebration of a“ Women's Day ”(Woman’s Day), since 1908.
At the 1910 conference, where a specific date was not placed, the main concern of the day was raised the women's suffrage, according to Eldiario die Gleichheit , of 08/28/1910. Main theme but not unique, because this conference raised the fight for protection at work; DAYS EIGHT HOURS; for sixteen to sixteen years, six hours, and for the children of fourteen to sixteen, four hours; prohibition detriment to the health of women and child "," the maintenance of peace "," against the hoarding and basis of subsistence ", among other points.
This occurred within the framework of a growing movement that has gone to the history as the "suffragists": different women's organizations worldwide that raised as a central objective the vote of women. Among the suffragists and socialist women there was a long history of discounts and disagreements.
Of socialists and communists In summary this debate between reformists and revolutionary, Kollontai said: "Only with the overthrow of capitalism and the establishment of the podersoviético can be saved from a world of suffering, humiliations and dissemination that makes the lives of the workers in the capitalist countries very heavy."
The merit of spreading throughout the world this day on March 8 corresponds to communist women. The nascent Soviet state, in 1922, decreed Queen the USSR on March 8 was "The Day of the Workers", remembering the leading of the women of Petrograd on March 8, 1917(February 23 in the old Russian calendar)–That they took to the streets demanding “bread for our children” and “the return of our spouses of Lastrincheras” - which began the February 1917 revolution, which caused a lacquer of the Tsar, and opened the way to the socialist revolution of October.
Communist parties around the world, including that of Argentina, already in the 20s and 30s promoted the realization of days for the rights of women in different countries. While the right to vote was fundamental, labor and social rights were not relegated. From these times comes the slogan "equal salary equal work", which maintains all in force.
In the 1950s, the versions that linked the origin of the Diade the woman with the fire of a factory in New York, in the United States, where 146 workers died. In 1975, the United Nations, erasing their private history, established on March 8 as Women's Day.
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/historia-del-8-de-marzo/ 
"In the company there is still discrimination and machismo" 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T61:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We talked with the companion Yamila Paredes, a member of the internal commission of the workers of Mondelez Pacheco, about the situation of the workers of this important food company.
Description: Yamila begins by telling that at this time one of the concerns of women who are in the factory, is referred to the beginning of the school year and that “there are many moms here, some bring the boys to nursery and others who have no one to leave them with or they have to change their turn. ” In the & Hellip;
Images: [' trabajadoras-de-Mondelez.jpg ']
Type: article
 Yamila begins by telling that at this time one of the concerns of the women who are in the factory, is referred to the beginning of the school year and that “there are many moms here, some bring the boys to nursery and others who notice who to leave them or have them or have than to change the turn. ” In the Pachecode Mondelez plant, the product of a struggle of many years, there is a nursery for the children of the workers and workers, which covers those who work in the morning and afternoon shifts, and that works until 10 pm. “The issue is that in the night shift there is no nursery. 1,700 pesos pay for the partner, so that the companions can pay a babysitter, but it is very little, so an increase was listed. ”
On the other hand, Paredes points out "today women are more supported, but not all, because there are still discrimination, machismo in the company." He sets as an example that many times as a delegate must discuss male conjefes specific problems, "but they prefer to fix concompañeros male, such as they don't give me a lot of ball."
As a result of the fight headed by the Internal Commission, Yamila says, Enesta Grand Company Yankee, one of the main monopolies of the feeding of Argentina, “most women have categories, occupy machines. But before there were many women with a lot of antiquity and nolas gave the opportunity for them to learn in a machine, have a little sugar and thus charge a little more. But that changed thanks to the Ininterna Commission, and the union representation. We were arguing that, because many new boys entered and because they were male put them in a unamáquina and women 30 years old, no. And they were left with the category. ” Being in the same category, men and women charge the same, except for the difference by seniority. That is why the fight is for women to have the same categories as men. And today there are already companionszorristas(They handle the fox), and other machines.
And he clarifies that “although this changed, in the factory, where in the three Lamayoria shifts we are women, but there is still discrimination against the woman and many machismo. And this will have to work a lot because machismo is many years. ”“The issue of gender violence is also seen in the factory. I did not present now, but I have seen in other years companions who were in their homes, and many are married to here, and also violence of the bosses, of the leaders, who speak to you badly, who tegritate. We recently had the case of a leader who spoke badly to Unacompañera. A revolution was made for the issue of women's abuse. Perosigue existing. ”
“Violence is also seen outside the factory. There are women who are banking many things from the husband, or because of the food dish. Because today we are all expensive and there a woman does not work and works the husband and is like that they have to be subjected by that type. ”
Finally, Yamila tells us that they obtained a triumph to face the starting starts. “In addition to the backpack and the school kit that we have years ago that the company deliver for the children of the workmen, we claimed again from the internal a loan to return, without intentions, in 18 fortnights or nine months for the monthly. Last year we had won $ 22,000, and the company wanted to give the same sum. From the interterna we demand $ 50 thousand, and we end up getting $ 48,500 ”.
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/en-la-empresa-sigue-habiendo-discriminacion-y-machismo/ 
The kids for March 8 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T63:00:00-04:00
Head Description: This March 8, International Day of Working Women, the kids add to mobilize throughout the country because the debt and lack of justice remain with us. We organize in schools, universities, neighborhoods, factories, in the countryside and the city.
Description: The pandemic that punished the world, the social and economic crisis generated by macrismo, the payment of debt to the IMF, added to the exacerbation of war factors in the world and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, aggravated the sufferings of the people in A dependent country like ours. And if there is & Hellip;
Images: [' mujeres-jóvenes.jpg ']
Type: article
 The pandemia that punished the world, the social and economic crisis generated by the Macrismo, the payment of the debt to the IMF, added to the sharpening of the factors of war in the world and the Russian invasion to Ukraine, aggravated the sufferings of the people in a dependent country like ours. And if there is something that Experience has shown us, it is that, in difficult times for the whole, we are the main harmed.
Organized 
Days of a new #8m the kids began to prepare from the secretariats of the woman who formed in the schools, in assemblies discussing with a gender perspective and action protocols in front of violence in our faculties, with flyers in the neighborhoods and also in Our workplaces, inviting our partners to tie together. As sadness will never be linked to our names, we prepare for thousands to make this day of commemoration and struggle, also a party with drums and glitter in all the streets of the country.
How are we today? 
Despite gender policies that function as patches with this parapocos state, in 2022 the salary gap was the highest in ten years. How does we affirm the kids? Statistics show that at the first quarter of 2022(No more recent data are published), the average income of occupied men is 27% higher compared to us.
In addition to the salary gaps, there are other points of analysis that reflect the seignation between men and women. Example serves as the "unemployment intensity" rate: 61% of men(between 19 and 34 years)They took 3 to 4 months looking for a job, while the women who were used carried out a search for at least one year, according to the Datosoficial of the Ministry of Labor.Many unable to even be able to access this due to the lack of opportunities, sonmpumed to fall into the mercantilization of the only thing we possess: our bodies. Prostitution is a historic "resource" that mainly afflicts poor women, many of them young, who, being unable to enter the labor market or when they do not reach the end of the month with only one job, they resort to prostitute themselves to the lack of opportunities and opportunities and of rights, own of the capitalist system.
New technologies and in particular in youth again rekindle the discussion, using platforms such as “only fans” and “coffee”, specially designed to market bodies of women, adolescents and girls for the consumption of men.
Being young and being a woman is a risk factor 
According to the Lucía Pérez Observatory during 2022, 233 femicides were committed, and there were another 425 attempts, in different parts of the country. This simply a number that alarm, are women whose lives snatched macho laviolence. They are mothers, daughters, sisters, friends, companions and neighbors who the State chose not to take care of.
It is worrying that March has almost the same amount of femicides that you dedicated and that most of those killed women are young.
More than seven years after the first \ #niunamenos that mobilized thousands of kids, the emergency in violence remains a necessity and it is urgent that the statonational acts to stop this pandemic that sweeps against us. The resources that should be used for popular needs such as prevention and attention in situations of violence go to the payment of the debantic debt for macrismo, and we remain we and the people who give the adjustment that those who escape were paid.
We stop and mobilize throughout the country because the debt and lack of justice is with us. We are going for a great 8m that finds us together in the streets, denouncing the alarming situation we live.
We do not bank the neglect!We love each other alive, free, desired and double bass.
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/las-pibas-de-cara-al-8-de-marzo/ 
55 years after the birth of the PCR and in tribute to Otto Vargas 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T65:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On Saturday 4/3, a talk-demo-accounts with the presence of Amancay
Images: [' Bahia-Blanca-charla-55-años-PCR.jpg ']
Type: article
 On Saturday 4/3, a talk-debate with the presence of Amancay "Chiquito" Ardura was held at the La Esquina de Otto Cultural Center(Member of the Central Committee of the PCR and historical leader of the city)and with Franco Pazos for Lajcr de Bahia.
They were arriving from different sectors of the city to celebrate and be able to make a tour of the history of our beloved party, listen to Achiquito full of curiosity, with the desire to understand, to prepare to parathransform the reality that we live Society without exploiters or exploited. He filled with emotion to hear the story of Otto Vargas(Our Secretary General for 51 years).
Contamos con la presencia de una delegación del Movimiento Evita con RodrigoBahía, de ATE con Verónica Reisvig, Margarita Peñailillo (National leader of native peoples in struggle), Nora Alfaro del Mijp and the Zonaldel Secretary PCR César García. Pigüé and Punta Alta also came.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/a-55-anos-del-nacimiento-del-pcr-y-en-homenaje-a-otto-vargas/ 
Location of Argentina 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T67:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We reproduce extracts from the PCR program, approved in its 13th Congress, held in October 2022.
Description: The Argentine Republic is located at the southern end of South America. Limits to the north with Bolivia and Paraguay; northeast with Brazil; to the east with Uruguay and the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south and to the west with Chile. A part of its territory (Falkland Islands, Georgias and South Sandwich) and its & Hellip;
Images: [' 52-años-de-PCR.jpg ']
Type: article
 The Argentine Republic is located at the southern end of South America. Limita to the North with Bolivia and Paraguay; northeast with Brazil; to the east Conuruguay and the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south and to the west with Chile. A part of the suterritory(Falkland Islands, Georgias and South Sandwich)and of his seas is under English colonial domain. It has a total extension of 3,761,274 kilometers square(including its Antarctic sector and the southern islands); 2.8 million square kilometers are in the continent. Its coastline reaches 5,117 kilometers and has economic sovereignty in the 200 miles on the Atlantic Ocean.
It covers almost all types of climates. Its vast river system, mountains, forests, large meadows, earth fertility allow crops and offspring. Its soil treasures countless minerals, including lithium of great strategic importance and a great reservoir of drinking water and the Argentine submarine platform is the richest in quantity and quality of fish, in oil, minerals and other wealth.
According to the 2022 census(Preliminary data)The population of our country is 47 million inhabitants. It is especially concentrated in the humid pampa that in the extreme north and in the Patagonian region the density descendably. Notwithstanding the weight of agricultural production in Sweden, more than three quarters of the population of Esurbana Argentina, although many of those settlers perform rural tasks partially in the cities of the interior and in the peri -urban, fruit and floristic peri -urban areas of the great urban centers…
The dominant mode of production is the capitalist. These production -capitalist relations are deformed and locked by imperialist ladomination and the predominance of the landowner in the field. In the last decades the foreignization of the economy and the concentration and centralization of capital and land was deepened. This structure and the political implemented by the ruling classes make the iqueness and possibilities of our country contrast with hunger, unemployment and lameteria of the majority of the people and the disarticulation and rickets of its nationalindustry that today characterizes the country.Argentina is part of Latin America, a traditional area of influence Yankee, but it has been and is a country played by several imperialist powers. It has a common history with the American peoples and countries that dates back to times before the bloody -Spain and Portuguese conquest - of the 16th century. Colonial domination transferred aameric the feudal regime of those countries by integrating them with pre -existing forms of oppression in the American territory. Immense native masses were aesthened to slavery and servitude systems such as the mita, the Yanaconazgo entrustment; to which the exploitation of hundreds of thousands of blacks brought from Africa was added.
The gigantic revolutionary movement that began after three centuries Deferaz colonial exploitation unified, in facts, in a process, the leaders of the native peoples with the rebellions of the slaves and with the desire for freedom of vast Creole sectors also oppressed. Insurrections, pronouncements of independence and the wars of MANCIPATION defeated colonialism.
But that liberating movement could not liquidate the relations of feeudal and semi -feudal production because it was hegemonized, in what would be the Argentine Republic, by the Buenos Aires Oligarchy allied allied to the great Commercents of the Port of Buenos Aires. Our people, like the responses in Latin America, were, finally, dominated by those native oligarchies that soon became appendages of different imperialisms ...
Formation of the Argentine Nation 
The Argentine Republic is a country with various nations, peoples and cultures, most of them originally and pre -existing to Argentine nationality. This is majority and dominant in the context of a country dominated by elimperialism. The struggle of nations and peoples originating for the recognition of their ancestral rights to the land, the territory and the liberty on equal terms to that of all Argentines will go together with the struggle of all the workers and the people of this nation against the landowner and the landowner and imperialist.After the Revolution of May of 1810 and the prolonged war for the Independence that managed to defeat Spanish colonialism in 1824, the Creole artistocracy managed to hegemonize the process in more than 50 years of struggles, with the massacre of the provincial rebellions, of the great organizational confederations(Salinas Grande, Leuvoco and Confluence)and of the sister Republic of the Paraguay. The Buenos Aires landowner oligarchy, allied to the Buenos Aires commercials, imposed their national organization project, achieved by alliances or wars to the landowner oligarchies and the commercials of the interior, and gave their dominant seal to the national identity and culture. He established his domain and oppression over the native and the immigrant, the original and the gaucho, the poor Argentine of the southern and north, coast and interior, unified the Argentine nation and its imprintario Plate - a better, Buenos Aires - marked until today the culture national.
To impose their domination, the ruling classes of the Argentine Republic contained the genocide of the Spanish conquest seeking to crush, enmude and subsume in Argentine nationality to the nations and natives subordinated and oppressed. They imposed a national identity dependent on the imperialist metropolis, which from the beginning imitated the culture of the European, liberal, cosmopolitan, looking at the Atlantic and back to the Andean America.
The original peoples and nations heroically resisted the deconquist and extermination campaigns ... another sector of the virtually exterminated people was the blacks brought as slaves during the colony. However, and despite the ruling classes, they contributed important elements to the Argentine popular culture.
This national-popular culture that was incorporating cultural elements of the proletariat and the other exploited and oppressed classes, developed in resistance and struggle with the identity and culture dependent imposed by the ruling classes linked to colonialism first and then to imperialism.In recent decades Latin American immigration increased(Paraguayans, Bolivians, Uruguayans, Chileans, Peruvians), of eastern countries, particularly Korean and Chinese, and Africa.
Native and immigrants, workers and other employees, poor peasants and Sorierra, artisans and intellectual imposed by the ruling classes ...
In resistance and fight against the ruling classes and imperialism, suppolitic and their culture, strong elements of an Argentine national-popular culture are forged that combine in a cultural heritage the rootsoriginary roots and the contributions of the anti-colonial and anti-imperialist, proletarian and popular struggle. This heritage exists subordinate within the culture and national identity. They are the elements of a new Argentine culture that can only be developed with a revolutionary popular power and national and social liberation.
On the other hand, in our country, the original peoples and nations that have resisted and survived the genocide suffer today not only delimperialism and landowners as part of the popular classes, but also suffer from specific oppression and discrimination as peoples and nations oppressed by the ruling classes and the Argentine state.
They struggle tenaciously for their legitimate right to land, territory yautodeterminación and for preserving, recovering and developing their culture, language and spirituality. That struggle is part of the struggle of all the workers and the popular classes of Argentina against the imperialist andlatifundista oppression, against capitalist exploitation and by the national and social deliberation revolution.
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/ubicacion-de-la-argentina-2/ 
Not stone on stone of the military dictatorship is left 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T69:00:00-04:00
Head Description: In this year, that the 40th anniversary of the end of the videlist dictatorship is fulfilled, we want to remember the position of our PCR in those years, reproducing extracts from the book of our beloved first secretary, Otto Vargas, “Has communism died? Maoism in Argentina. Conversations with Otto Vargas ”, by Jorge Brega, whose first edition was held in 1990.
Description: - After the Malvinas war, the Argentine political situation had a decisive change for its immediate future. What characterization does that period that end in the 1983 elections? - After the surrender of Puerto Argentino the events rushed. With the coup of June 15, the Prosovavic & Hellip sector;
Images: [' Acto-PTP-1982.jpg ']
Type: article
 - After the Malvinas War, the Argentine political situation for a decisive change for its immediate future. What characterization does the end that ends in the 1983 elections? - Why did you predict that this period of promotion of the Popopular Movement will be relatively prolonged? 
- This is the time when the Labor Party and Delpueblo appear its appearance. On November 19, 1982 he makes his first act in the Debox Federation, in the Federal Capital. An intense propaganda campaign with posters, painted and flyers invited to attend with the slogan "speak the left." Elpcr, which continued in illegality, maintained its slogan of “waste of the dictatorship”, which presupposed a popular lifting. How was this line articulated with the Foundation of the PTP and the possibility of this one, the case, could participate in the elections? They were very difficult conditions back by 82-83, because the revolutionary forces, of the labor movement and of our party were very well-known by the dictatorship process. Until the last moment, even the main manifestations of December 82 tried to push in this time, but the bourgeois and landowners who had grouped into the multiparty made the agreement with the dictatorial shift of Bignone to impulse the type of output that was performed. The facts demonstrated that there was a very serious transaction with the dictatorship ...
We, banned, we were facing a situation quite similar to Laque we face in the 72-73 years. Under these conditions we decided to contribute popular and third world confer to organize the Labor and Del Pueblo Party as a party that accepted the requirements that the dictatorship imposed for political activity and that allowed us to make the most of legal positions without abandoning our line of wasteful revolutionary. We understood the PTP as a trench of struggle to face and lead to the dictatorship, and never as an electoral alternative; Even what the case, that party was going to be useful to address a electoral process. We were clear - we said so - that to go through that path we would make concessions; Even more if the waste of the dictatorship and the electoral project of the dictatorship was not achieved. In the latter case we had to look for the roads to serve the events of the events and non -spectators. These concessions should imply commitments; Commitments to follow the fight for Larevolution and not to betray the Revolution. And we do not abandon the fight for the legality of the Revolutionary Communist Party.
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/que-no-quede-piedra-sobre-piedra-de-la-dictadura-militar/ 
Farewell to Carlos Mosquera 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T71:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 28, fellow Carlos Mosquera died in the city of Tandil, where he had lived for a few years. Mosquera, a member of the PCR, was a physical and university professor, who worked intensely organizing university teachers throughout the country. He was founder and leader of the AGD-UBA and the historical Conadu, & Hellip;
Images: [' Carlos-Mosquera.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 28, fellow Carlos Mosquera died in the city, where he had lived for a few years.
Mosquera, a member of the PCR, was a physical and university professor, who worked in an intensely organizing university teachers from all over thepaís. He was the founder and leader of the AGD-UBA and the historical Conadu, actively where he actively until his retirement. In addition, he was the founder of the CNPL, national current of university teachers prominence and struggle.
He was arrested in 1972 by the dictatorship of Lanusse for more than a year, and peed by the Videlista dictatorship since 1976, when he was unemployed by the silver. After the dictatorship he resumed the union work in the university of Buenos Aires, where he was a teacher.
Many places in the country, such as La Plata, Buenos Aires, Jujuy and Tandil, FuersTigos of their revolutionary work.
We regret your departure and greet your relatives at this difficult moment.
We reaffirm that the revolutionary ideals that guided their lives will be taken by the Argentine people.
Esteban Lucero, secretary of the PCR of Tandil 
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/despedida-a-carlos-mosquera/ 
We were the Camara Selva 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T73:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On February 27 he died, at age 83, Amanda Chamorro, our dear comrade jungle, as we knew her in the game. The companion Amanda was born in the Colorado, Formosa. She was a teacher of girls, boys and adults in her native province and then in the south of the conurbano. Finally he exercised the teaching in La Plata y & Hellip;
Images: [' Amanda-Chamorro.jpg ']
Type: article
 On February 27 he died, at age 83, Amanda Chamorro, our dear jungle, as we knew her in the game.
The companion Amanda was born in the Colorado, Formosa. She was a teacher of girls, boys and adults in her native province and then in the south of the conurbano. Finally, the magisterium in La Plata and Berisso. It was there when in the 70s it was the PCR in times, he studied psychology at the UNLP.
Amanda was part of the contingent of young people who learned to fight in difficult conditions and became experts, among other Cosses, in distributing the new hour in full dictaduramilitary. Young people who in the fight became important militants.
Years later, that practice would be reflected in guaranteeing the arrival of the demonstration today to the teachers of La Plata. Even being a retired teacher, he participated from the teaching struggles for wages, working conditions and indefense of the public school, militating in the ranks of the Yblanca Blue List, Suteba La Plata. He was part of the fight for trade union democracy: he toured schools listening to teachers and making us know our protests; He participated in hundreds of assemblies; He was prosecutor in indical elections; He left side by side with the partners always carrying his suspicartas with the specific claims of the retirees.
He was in all, but if something stood out in Amanda's life, it was his spirits, particularly with those who have and most need. He put a labor suspending at the service of the dispossessed of the countryside, for whom they had an affection, developing a literacy process with peasants/Ospobres members of the Asoma.
He also gave his present in the electoral struggle, in each campaign of the PTP and the topers of which we were part: flying; painted; affiliations; SALE CONTRIBUTION CONTRIBUTION TO SUPPORT CAMPAIGNS, Acts, Control. Walking teaching marches; of the Santiago River shipyard; of the CCC, the 23 demarzo in La Plata; of the women's movement; With the peasants, and more, that we are going to miss it by not seeing it in the next activities with its retiree banner and the colors of the party.
Dear Amanda, comrade jungle, we say goodbye with your fist. To victory. Always.
Correspondent 
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/se-nos-fue-la-camarada-selva/ 
Manuel Campos Janeiro 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T75:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On Tuesday, March 6, five years of the death of Comrade Manuel Campos Janeiro, “El Gallego Manolo”, one of the founders of our PCR. The Galician, as we all said and he claimed, since he was born in Cameixa stop, Carballino, in 1929, went through several tasks in his & Hellip of him;
Images: [' Manuel-Campos-Janeiro-1.jpg ']
Type: article
 On Tuesday, March 6, five years of the death of Camaradamanuel Campos Janeiro, “El Galico Manolo”, one of the founders of our PCR.
The Galician, as we all said and he was claimed, since he was born in Cameixa's stop, Carballino, in 1929, went through several tasks, 50 years of militancy in our PCR, which contributed to enhance consuing consume militant effort.
Campos Janeiro was part of the thousands who broke with the PCrevisionist direction and founded the PCR, integrating their provisional direction.
Responsible for a working area of Greater Buenos Aires in the early years, then a member of the Trade Union Commission, and in recent times, working in the area of political relations, he always knew how to win the recount and affection of comrades and allies. From his youth, Argentina came at 17, participated in workers' struggles and in that way he became communist.
Among many other activities, he was the founder and first secretary of the External Debt forum, and had an active participation in the Federation Galician Desociety, an institution that keeps the ideology of the Spanish Republic alive.
As Jacinto Roldán said, today general secretary of the PCR, in the name of the central committee: “With his kind but firm character, he carried out a network of framework with friendly forces convinced of the need to deconstruct a popular and national front as an instrument of the fight for the library of Our dear homeland. Our martyrs, our dead are our flag. We are not going to betray it and we will continue fighting for keeping it high until the final triumph. ”
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/manuel-campos-janeiro-2/ 
Miguel Rubinich present! 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T77:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: On March 8, 2012, in the city of Rosario, Comrade Miguel Rubinich, founder of the PCR and a member of his central committee, at the age of 77, after a long illness against which he fought with the same fortitude with the fought by revolution and communism. Miguel was a & Hellip;
Images: [' mare.png ']
Type: article
 On March 8, 2012, in the city of Rosario, Comrade MiguelRubinich, founder of the PCR and member of his central committee, at the age of 77 years, after a long illness against which he fought with the same fortitude fought for the revolution and communism.
Miguel was an invaluable partner in the construction and unity of ourquerido PCR and JCR, and in the tasks we consider in pursuit of the proletariat tasks need for the National and Social Liberation Revolution.
Rubinich was a one -piece partner. Sincere in their ideas and actions. Communist in all sense of the word. He never boasted of substances within the party, on the contrary: his humility marked his desire to give up each partner.
He was an indispensable partner in Santa Fe, in the understanding of our regional historia because he was a humble connoisseur of the workers' and corn tasks in the province. His experience was reflected in the book Notes on the history of the Santa Fe regional of the PCR .
Years later, his contribution at the head of the National Fundamental Education Commission so that a set of affiliates-for which he was “the teacher” Marelli-, will advance in Marxism-Leninism-Maoism and in the line of our PCR.
Dear Miguel Rubinich, until victory always!
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/miguel-rubinich-presente-5/ 
The PCR against the coup d'etat 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T79:00:00-04:00
Head Description: We reproduced some of the dragees published in our weekly, which were prepared by our comrade Otto Vargas, first general secretary of the PCR, who died on February 14, 2019.
Description: The PCR against the coup d'etat
Images: [' Otto-en-acto-PCR-zona-zona-norte-Gran-Bs.-As..jpg ']
Type: article
 #### The PCR against the coup d'etat 
«The 1976 coup approved almost all, even the vast majority of political parties. If I'm not mistaken, I think the only one who did not do it was the revolutionary communist. Cited in the Jesuit .(Conversations with Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio), by S. Rubín and F. Ambrogetti, p. 140. Edit.vergara, Buenos Aires, 2010).
No siempre la lucha es victoriosa 
“No siempre la lucha es victoriosa o da todos los resultados que quisiéramos,o nos da los derechos que legítimamente nos corresponden. Pero una cosa escierta: siempre aprendemos, siempre sacamos experiencias útiles, tanto de lostriunfos como de los reveses transitorios”. Los ferroviarios enfrentamos ladictadura de Videla. Boletín de las agrupaciones sindicales clasistas 1º deMayo de Ferroviarios . Pág. 24. Marzo de 1978.
Sobre el Estado 
“El Estado es el producto y manifestación del carácter irreconciliable de lascontradicciones de clases. El Estado surge en el sitio, en el momento y elgrado en que las contradicciones de clases no pueden, objetivamente,conciliarse y viceversa: la existencia del Estado demuestra que lascontradicciones de clases son irreconciliables”. Lenin. El Estado y laRevolución. 
Organizar al pueblo 
“En cuanto a los reaccionarios chinos, nos incumbe a nosotros organizar alpueblo para derribarlos. Con todo lo reaccionario ocurre igual: si no logolpeas, no cae. Esto es como barrer el suelo; por regla general, donde nollega la escoba, el polvo no desaparece solo.” Mao Tsetung, 13/8/1945.
Hoy N° 1953 08/03/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-pcr-contra-el-golpe-de-estado-2/ 
The Ortega government advances on democratic freedoms 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T81:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: The Ortega government advances against democratic freedoms and rights in Nicaragua, and stripped more than 300 political prisoners during the last month. The prisoners lost their nationality and all their assets, and were forced to leave Nicaragua at the time of their liberation. They were also disabled & Hellip;
Images: [' el-presidente-de-nicaragua-daniel-ortega-junto-a-la-vicepresidenta-rosario-murillo-.jpg ']
Type: article
 The Ortega government advances against democratic freedoms and rights, and stripped of Nicaraguan nationality to more than 300 political prisoners during the last month. The prisoners lost their nationality and all of their assets, and were forced to leave Nicaragua at the time of suliberation. They were also absolutely disabled for public exercises, as well as exercising positions of popular election. And junctioned to the loss of their citizen rights in a perpetual way, and determined fugitives from justice.
Among the political prisoners are historic fighters of Sandinista Larevolution of 1979, feminist, militants of human rights, social and environmental defenders and writers. As part of International Solidarity, Spain, Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Mexico offered the citizenship to the banished.
The poet Dora María Téllez, protagonist and leader of the Sandinista revolution, was one of the deportees. Dora declared "alive or dead I will return to Nicaragua, because it is my land." In June 2021 he had been locked in the Elchipote prison in Managua, accused by Ortega of betrayal of the homeland and conspiracy. It permanently had a year and a half in isolation and darkness, as he told to be enlibertad.
Some prisoners refused to get on the plane that would deport them. This is the case of the Roleando Álvarez, who was sentenced by the Ortega dictatorship to 26 years in prison for betrayal of the country in an express trial, the next day of not accepting exile. The religious is the first arrested bishop Yacusado since Ortega returned to power in Nicaragua in 2007. Another case of Vilma Núñez, a historic human rights defender, 80 years old.Another fact to keep in mind is that the Ortega government closed 3,300 non -governmental organizations(ONG´s).
Desde el PCR-PTP repudiamos nuevamente los avances contra la democracia ycrímenes de lesa humanidad cometidos por el gobierno de Ortega-Murillo enNicaragua.
Escribe Rodrigo Cruz 
Hoy N° 1953 08/03/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-gobierno-de-noriega-avanza-sobre-las-libertades-democraticas/ 
Repression in El Salvador 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T83:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: In El Salvador, Central American coastal country with the Pacific Ocean, the so -called “maras” are criminal gangs that have formed an armed youth army, of which there are no clear figures and that are financed through extortion, kidnapping, sale of arms and drugs and the murder on commission. There are two more & Hellip;
Images: [' el-salvador-miles-de-presos.jpg ']
Type: article
 In El Salvador, Central American country with the Pacific Ocean, The so -called “Maras” are criminal gangs that have formed an armed army, of which there are no clear figures and that are financed through extortion, kidnapping, kidnapping, the sale of weapons and drugs and elassination on commission.
There are two more important ones. They formed with deported criminals from the US many years and were growing, with periods of negotiation with the golt.
But now the Nayib Bukele government declared the state of emergency, suspended constitutional guarantees, and already in 2022 dismissed the constitutional courts of the Supreme Court of Justice and the general prosecutor.
Now tens of thousands of alleged gang members are being arrested without a class of judgment and being transferred to a mega prison inaugurated April aprintipios, with the capacity of more than 40,000 people.
There was already a first group of 2,000 alleged gang members and lasimages that have circulated through the media are frightening: the underwear is seen in the imprisoned, without shoes or shirts, with a shaved head and chained of hands and feet.
There have been hard convictions of human rights organizations, which denounces arbitrary desks of innocent people and deaths in prisons.
However, Bukele governs comfortably after his party achieved 2022, together with allies, an overwhelming majority in the assembly, and what is more serious, its policy has so far support part of the population.
A situation has been opened so that innocent people cannot defend themselves. They have arrested more than 57,000 people, arbitrarily, with foundation accusations. There have not even been preliminary investigations to see arrested silos were part of the maras.
There is talk that the government could have made illegitimate agreements with the groups. To this is added that, although the Constitution does not allow Bukele re -election, there is already talk of a change to allow it.
Write Alicia Sourges 
Weekly today N ° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/la-represion-en-el-salvador/ 
Justice for Carlos Fuentealba 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T85:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: The Fuentealba 2 case began, thanks to Sandra's long struggle, her partner, and her two daughters, of the teaching group represented by ATEN (unique union in the province), Human Rights Organizations and the whole of the popular sectors . Fight and resistance that with strikes, mobilizations and protest days, then & Hellip;
Images: [' Neuquen-justicia-por-Carlos-Fuentealba.jpg ']
Type: article
 The trial of the Sourcealba 2 case began, thanks to the long fight, his partner, and his two daughters, of the teaching group represented by Portaten(Unique Union in the Province), Human Rights Organizations and the leader of the popular sectors.
Fight and resistance that with strikes, mobilizations and protest days, after 16 years brought us so far.
A trial of a very important magnitude, where 8 officers of the dome police who planned and executed the Operation of Arayito repression that happened on April 4, 2007 will be judged.
It is important to demonstrate and win the neuquino judicial apparatus through a firm sentence, demonstrating that there was an operation designed and triggered by a repression with viciousness that lasted more than three hours and where the murder of our partner Carlos Fuentealba occurred. The hand that gave the order for the execution of this tremendous repression, was that of former governor Jorge Sobisch. Only the struggle will bring justice and we will not stop justice. Carlos Fuentealba, always present.
correspondent 
Weekly today N ° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/justicia-para-carlos-fuentealba/ 
Debt is with education 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T87:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: We are teachers from all over the country, Nucleadxs in the National Teaching Group
Images: [' ']
Type: article
We are teachers from all over the country, Nucleadxs in the National Teaching Group "Ana Sosa" in the National Blue and White List.
We have clear purposes and proposals for teachers and educational communities.
We do not have a corporate training, we have the firm conviction that the school has to be of quality, scientific, secular, compulsory, free of and to the reach of all the children of our beloved country.
At this time we are going through one of the worst crises, with millions of decompatriots whose income is below the line of poverty and indigency.
This is the framework in which salaries and peer are being discussed.
And one of the premises that we raise with pride, is that teachers must be in a position the equivalent of the family basket.
Is this contradictory to the hunger suffered by our students, students and their families?
No. Because hunger, poverty and depression of our salaries are intelligently linked to the recognition of spurious debt(that he contracted and macri)and to the payment of the same to the International Monetary Fund.
The salary is not gain, so we demand the elimination of the 4th category.
Surely there will be a set of teachers who work many more hours from what they must, which with the maximum age are reached by that damn imposed to work, whose amount fixes the government and collects the AFIP.
But there are also a lot of young teachers without work, thousands and thousands of teachers in each corner of the country that do not have the necessary score for more positions or modules to increase their income.
We have teachers in provinces with hunger salaries, with huge deviatic expenses to reach a school.
Always together with educational communities, holding public school.
Due to the absence of provision of school supplies or shoes, the students organize ourselves to bring to the students the things that lack, especially when 2 out of every 3 children are immersed in the top.
So not, Mr. President, the Lasagana Tax is not our concern as he said, but how we do so that the boys and girls arrive at the school, eat, have proper medical care and learn.
And we also have concern about how our families survive.Create factories, develop the national industry, stop importing, and force all those who earn fortunes with the misfortune of the main majorities to pay the broken dishes of a crisis that we do not generate, from which we are not responsible, and that we do not want to pay.
We will continue fighting until we get it.
Long live the teaching struggle in each of the provinces!
Long live the fight of the Argentine people for a life with a roof, land and work.
Debt is with education.
Weekly today N ° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/la-deuda-es-con-la-educacion-4/ 
Flags for sovereignty 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T89:00:00-04:00
Head Description: On Friday 3 and Saturday 4, flags were made for sovereignty throughout the maritime and river coast, with acts in Chaco, Formosa, Corrientes, Entre Ríos, Santa Fe, Zárate, Buenos Aires, Quequén and Punta Indio.
Description: Rosario on Saturday 4 an act was held at the Rosario Bridge - Victoria with the aim of planting flag and flaming the celestial and white so that the Paraná is definitely in Argentine hands. After a march from the Rondeau roundabout in the head of the bridge left to the bridge to deploy & Hellip;
Images: [' banderazo-por-la-soberanía-rosario.jpg ']
Type: article
 Rosary beads 
On Saturday 4 an act was held at the Rosario Bridge - Victoria with the ObjectiviaDe Plantar Flag and Flame the Celeste and Blanca for the Paraná to be fundamentally in Argentine hands.
After a march from the Rondeau roundabout in the head of the bridge Semarched to the bridge to display a giant flag on the Paraná River, where an act was held, in which the leaders of the convening organizations took the floor.
There, Luciano Orellano, a member of the Forum for the recovery of Paraná, among other things stated: "There is no possibility of happiness for the artican people if we do not recover ours." He claimed that “of this issue he did not spend and all of us have been the protagonists of reinstalling these issues in Argentina, and that“ today there is a Federal Hydrovy Council in the agro -exporting Quelas, which did what they wanted, they have to discuss congobers and ministers ... The agro -exporters and the Stock Exchange say that these are three years lost, because before they moved with all comfort. ” To recover the future of the pibeste, we recover Argentina, recover trade, banking, navalindustria, recover our fleet, dredge the Magdalena channel ... ”, saidorellano.
This wide call launched from the "Forum for the recovery of Paraná", the "Interactive Federation to promote water culture(FIPCA)"And the" Coordinating Table for the Defense of National Sovereignty on the Ríoparaná and the Magdalena Canal ", added to an extensive list of adherent organizations and personalities that were present in the appointment, unified in the slogans.
The call raised, among other points: “The agro -export lobby, the business chambers of the sector, the foreign export monopolies and the Rosario Stock Exchange press again to reprivatize the administration of the Paraná, and we have to deal with these claims.
"The importance of the activity also has the framework of the advance of the presence of the United States and other powers such as China in the region to seek our resources."
On Friday, March 3, a camp was also made for the sovereignty and tilt of wetlands on the island of the masts.
Chaco Between rivers 
In Paraná, the concentration was carried out on Friday, March 3, in front of Lasede of the Paraná Delegation of Navigable Roads, in the Puerto Rican area, under the slogans "by dredging and beaconing by the Statonational" and "Preservation in Paraná of the workshops, dredging and beacon and statement of wetlands!”
This last slogan responds to the bill with which the Deparaná Municipality intends to keep the entire property to carry out a Puerto Madero-style-style-style business. The objective is for the areas to reactivate the delegation and recovery of its officials as a shipyard are maintained in the hands of the delegation of Navigable Roads.
The callors of Agmer Provincial and Agmerparaná, ATE, the group "December 20" of ATE affiliates, teachers by the Freedom of the Rivers, the Evita Movement, the student organizations, the student organizations, the CCC, the CCC, PTP-PCR, JCR and the movement or a kid less for bark.
Weekly today N ° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/banderazos-por-la-soberania/ 
Tribute to René Salamanca 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T91:00:00-04:00
Head Description: On Friday, March 3, in the traditional square in front of Renault, the tribute to René Salamanca was held, as for 18 years, with the presence of hundreds of companions, municipal authorities and friendly forces.
Description: They were present mov. Avoid, we are neighborhoods, UP, PC, Solidarity Forum, CCC and PTP-PCR. The deputies of the Front of All sent their greetings: Pablo Carro, Gabriela Estévez, Eduardo Fernández; The provincial legislator Mariana Caserio, Vitín Baronetto, Coca Luján, mother of Raúl Molina, Roque Romero, Teresita Castrillejo, Malvina Tosco. This year of commemoration & Hellip;
Images: [' descubrimiento-de-la-nueva-placa-durante-el-homenaje.jpg ']
Type: article
 They were present mov. Avoid, we are neighborhoods, UP, PC, Solidarity Forum, CCC and PTP-PCR. The deputies of the Front of All sent their greetings: Pablo Carro, Gabriela Estévez, Eduardo Fernández; The provincial listering Caserio, Vitín Baronetto, Coca Luján, mother of Raúl Molina, Roqueromero, Teresita Castrillejo, Malvina Tosco.
This year of commemoration of the 40 years of the end of the military dictatorship, he strongly retakes the memory of Salamanca and his antigolpist commitment for Elque gave his life.
The companions of the Permanent Tribute Commission together with the councilors Pérez and Nando Fernández, the DDHH secretary of the Municipality Ruibal, the CCC coordinator Ramón Rodríguez and Glenda Henze Delcc of the PCR were the ones who discovered the commemorative plaques after a year in which The remodeling of the square had removed the tribute monolith.
An arduous work of the tribute commission that was heard by the council of the liberating and supported by the city's mayor, Daniel Passerini, recovering the dismantled plaque and renewing the one that was destroyed.
Gerardo "El Negro" Luna opened the act by bringing us to the present one of the most experienced experiences made by the labor movement of Córdoba. The Cordobazo and then the recovery of the Smata. Guillermo Ruibal, DDHH Secretary of the Municipality also gave his greeting, who invited to work in unity and make a large March 24.
Ramón Rodríguez CCC coordinator said: “If we have been able to sustain this democracy, it is because we have learned a lot from that 76. We must go ahead in difficult conditions, because we are in a government that does not thoroughly Nova with those who take the money and puts to those below in some very difficult situation. In these years we have achieved great demands with the companions of the Evita Movement and with neighborhoods present here, we will defend them because we do not want to go back, if the right -wing won we will be much worse, therefore it is necessary The streets and continue to raise the exit this situation, we want to continue advancing to improve the economic and political living conditions of the entire people ”.The attached Sec. Of the National Ctaa and Sec. General delcison(press), in Córdoba, Mariana Mandakovic, who greeted the act and the importance of remembering René and the companions who gave their lives for some better. "We have a debt the trade unionists with them, like Dijosalamanca:" What is a guild for if it is not to get worker conquests, "we owe that and we owe a capable working class to deransform this society in a more just, more equitable and more equalitarian society .
He closed the act Glenda Henze, bringing the greeting of the Central Committee of the PCR, recognizing the work of the tribute commission and of all the companions who keep the classism high, to defend their rights and to advance a second and definitive independence for our homeland. He listed the international situation one year after the invasion of Ukraine and the coup state in Peru and the resistance of these peoples against the invasion, against dictatorships and workers' struggles worldwide.The event closed calling on the days of March 8 and March 24. ESTE24 DE MARCH we demand that all the archives of the dictatorship be opened and sees prosecuting the culprits, and that all the causes of popular locks fall. René Salamanca and 30,000 missing detainees now and always!
Weekly today N ° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/homenaje-a-rene-salamanca-15/ 
The PTP of Río Negro has more than 30 candidates 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T93:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: The provincial elections will be on April 16 and in Río Negro 11 lists are presented, eight are alliances and three political parties. From the Labor and People's Party (PTP) of Río Negro we integrate the alliance
Images: [' río-negro-candidatos-del-PTP.jpg ']
Type: article
 The provincial elections will be on April 16 and in Río Negro11 lists are presented, eight are alliances and three political parties. From the work of work and the town(PTP)From Río Negro we integrate the “Let's join» alliance, the renowned front of all. In addition, there will be local elections in more 16 municipalities that will take place before and simultaneously to the proprieties.
The regrouping, which has been built from the streets and in debate meetings in recent years, is composed of four great forces: organized avoidance-community movement, Peronist action sorist group, part(Magdalena Odarda)And our party.
This front was born with the aim of continuing to battle for a sovereign popular program in the province, against the policy proposed by the partner Demuricio Macri and the tycoon Joe Lewis, Alberto Weretileneck and the current governor Arabela Carreras.
The candidate for governor of Vamos with all is the former national deputy Silviahorne, leader of the Evita Movement, and Bariloche lawyer Leandro Costabutten goes as Vice.
From the PTP, a large contingent of 30 colleagues from different social sectors integrate both provincial and municipal lists, and candidates for provincial legislators or councilors in the municipalities. Historical reference of rural workers Crencenio Muñoz.
Fifteen of those popular candidates go as provincial legislators, 9 population representation and 6 by circuits. In the listing list, the referent of the CCC and the PCR Raúl Rajneri, the young barbill of Ni a Pibe less for the drug, María Cárdenas; Mabel Vargas, leader of the CCC Viedma and Belisario Figueron, referent of the FNC in Vallemedio.
The 30 candidates are employed, unemployed, teachers, retirees, women's, peasant, native and students of 11 different 11localities: Roca, Viedma, Bariloche, Cervantes, Belisle, Regina, Allen, Las Grutas.
At the level of the municipal elections, the PTP presents advocacy candidates in six locations(Roca, Allen, Cipolletti, Viedma, Regina and Cervantes), in total 15 companions of different sectors, perosobre all referents of the class and combative current, originally and strain.In these elections we will fight to isolate to the reactionary right between the country, which aims to return to power and culminate with all the popular conquests. We go for national sovereignty and real budget to address the emergencies.
The other lists 
The rest of the official alliances presented in Río Negro are: Together Somos Río Negro(Jsrn), We are joined by Río Negro, we can project Río Negro, Change Black, Victory Unit, Left Front, Alsocialism Movement, We are Popular and Social Unity, First Río Negro, and we are a political and social unit.
The ruling together We are Río Negro, as a candidate for governor Aalberto Weretilneck, which is in alliance with the PJ sector that stayed with the seal, the national senator Martin Doñate of La Cámpora among others. Vancomo unites us Río Negro and we can project and are collectors of Weretilneck.
Unit for Victory, alliance that brings together Groups of the PJ with the Front Algrande and Kolina, takes as a candidate to the governor of the architect of Viedmagustovo Casas, current delegate of national roads in Río Negro
The macrismo goes as Río Negro changes and leads as a candidate for governor Aaníbal Tortoriello.
correspondent 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/el-ptp-de-rio-negro-lleva-mas-de-30-candidatos/ 
Milei, a dangerous liar 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T95:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Javier Milei, currently a national deputy, is candidate for president, and is developing his campaign with a series of more reactionary right proposals, disguised behind demagogic slogans against “the political caste”, screams, disqualifications and acts that look like shows, with The objective of having impact on social networks. Milei is mainly directed to & Hellip;
Images: [' milei.jpg ']
Type: article
 Javier Milei, currently a national deputy, is candidate for president, and is developing his campaign with a series of more real -right proposals, disguised behind demagogic slogans against “the Castapolitic”, screams, disqualifications and acts that look like shows, with the objective of having Impact on social networks.
Milei is mainly directed to youth sectors, and tries to use the favor of it the growing tiredness with policies that do not solve and aggravate lainflation, low wages, insecurity and lack of perspectives for the young people.
Milei is defined as "libertarian", his party is called "La Libertad advances", and give all his actions with a "Long live freedom, hell!".
But his concept of freedom is deeply reactionary, because in the name of the "freedom", his entire program is against health and educational education, rant against the presence of the State in any area, even in Argentina to have its own currency. The only thing we do not hear him say that he wants the repressive forces of the State to disappear.
In his speeches it is common to listen to insults to other politicians, fucking and unworthy with which he intends to differentiate himself from the "traditional" politicians, collecting what millions of these politicians think and say, who live in a bubble away from reality. But these are only demagogic positions to make credible an approach whose center is the unrestricted defense of the "market", and a conception of "freedom" based on private property.
It is a fascist demagogy, because Milei deeply hates the people, the workmen, the retirees of the minimum, and not to mention women. For example, their freedom does not include the right to legal abortion, sure and grad Women's movement.
His economic proposals to lower inflation, how Milei himself has been known, are "a harder variant" of convertibility, which was the teacher carried out by the Menemist government first and the Rúa later, by the hand of the then Minister of Economy Domingo Cavallo.Milei intends to deepen this program, with a total dollarization of theeconomy, which exemplifies in its proposals to "destroy" the Central Bank, in addition "to eliminate public works", go to a pension reform by providing the privatization of retirements, reform The "marketing" drawing rights to workers in favor of large companies, etc. As Milei himself assured in a report “Lacasta's model is the idea that a right is born to each need. What is the problem with this? That the needs are infinite and when a right is granted, it has to pay it. ”
So, let's let those who have "needs" starve, so we have an Argentine for few, and do not pay taxes, that is the objective of Milei and the sectors of the dominant classes that support it.
In these days, in front of the provincial elections, Milei has been making a recognized parties of "the caste" of some provinces, and take candidates for old acquaintances of the reactionary right, such as Ricardobussi in Tucumán, son of the remembered genocidal general.
That is the Argentine that Milei wants, one in which the sale of organs is "one more market", a country where you can "choose to starve and die."
Write Germán Vidal 
Weekly today N ° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/milei-un-mentiroso-peligroso/ 
International Communist League: We share the pain of the peoples of all the nations that have lost their lives because of the earthquake in Turkey, Rojava and Northern Syria! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-08T95:00:00-04:00
Images: []
Categories: ['French', 'Other Languages']
International Communist League:
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/08/ligue-communiste-internationale-nous-partageons-la-douleur-des-peuples-de-toutes-les-nations-qui-ont-perdu-la-vie-a-cause-du-tremblement-de-terre-en-turquie-rojava-et-syrie-du-nord/ 
Success The Stop-Past, Declaration of Jeep drivers 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T96:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: As a result of widespread impact and paralysis of routes in Metro Manila Due to the launch of the ceasefire public transportation, Malacañang was pushed to speak to the P group
Images: [' no-to-jeepney-phaseout-mendiola-1024x768.jpeg ']
Categories: ["People's Struggles"]
Type: article
 As a result of widespread impact and paralysis of routes in Metro Manila Due to the ceasefire of public transportation, Malacañang pushed to speak to the unity group of the Drivers' Association Nationwide(Piston)and steering wheel yesterday. Piston Piston Mody Floranda reported this today.
The meeting took place yesterday in Malacañang with Floranda and Manibelatransport Group Chairman Mar Valbuena facing Presidential CommunicationSoffice Secretary Cheloy Garafil and the Office of the Executive SecretaryunderseCretary Roy Cervantes.
According to PISTON, "As a result of our widespread unity and unity, Malacañang has been pushed to promise to study or review the content of the Omnibus Franchising Guidelines(Ofg)Until December 31,2023. "Floranda explained that in the alleged review, Malacañang promised that drivers, operators, and computers would be part of the whole process.
The drivers and operators said, "Although it has never been a full-time abolition of SAOFG and Phaseout program, it can still be a success because we push Malacañang to respond and we have proven the validity and strength of our collective action."
Piston had earlier reported that on the first day of the ceasefire, 89% of cities in Metro Manila were paralyzed. Many universities and cities have canceled their classes because of such action. Apart from this, drivers, operators and computers protested and supported nationwide.
PISTON thanked all drivers and operators across the country for their strength, determination and unity in the transport-to-PUV phaseout. According to them, "grateful to be warm support, deep understanding, and strong solidarity of the Filipino people from various sectors."
The group threatened, if Marcos Jrr did not implement substantial action for the good of the sector, they are willing to act again and "noting to launch larger ceases." They added, "We will temporarily stop the ceasefire and continue to fight for our calls."
Finally, Floranda called for immediate release of three drivers arrested for participating in the transport strike yesterday in Alabang, Muntinlupacity.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/tagumpay-ang-tigil-pasada-deklarasyon-ng-mga-drayber-ng-jeep/ 
The extension of the pension moratorium was approved 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T97:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Last Tuesday 28, a day before the beginning of the ordinary sessions, the Chamber of Deputies approved the extension of the pension moratorium with 134 affirmative and 107 negative votes. They voted against the bloc of together for change (PRO, UCR, radical evolution, civic coalition, López Murphy, Margarita Stolbizer, etc.), and also progresses & Hellip;
Images: [' jubilados-prorroga-2023.jpg ']
Type: article
 Last Tuesday 28, a day prior to the beginning of the ordinary sessions, Lacamara of Deputies approved the extension of the pension moratorium with 134 statements and 107 negatives. They voted against the Together Block for Change(PRO, UCR, Radical Evolution, Civic Coalition, López Murphy, Margarita Stolbizer, etc.), and also advances freedom(Expert)and the Libertadvanza(mercy).
El proyecto, que ya contaba con media sanción del Senado, permitirá que 800mil trabajadores en edad próxima a jubilarse puedan hacerlo a pesar de nocontar con los años de aportes necesarios. En este universo se encuentrantrabajadores en negro, trabajadores sin los años de aportes suficientes yaquellos quienes sus empleadores no hicieron los aportes correspondientes apesar de estar en blanco.
La sanción de esta ley es un logro que permitirá jubilarse a 800 miltrabajadores y va en contra a lo que expresaron los diputados del macrismo aldecir que “las jubilaciones son un gasto a eliminar del presupuesto si sequiere reducir el déficit fiscal”. Desconocen que los aportes previsionalesson parte diferida del salario que los trabajadores aportan y no, como sehartaron de decir, un impuesto para las patronales.
En la misma vereda se ubicó Milei al expresar que “no merecen jubilarsequienes no hayan hecho aportes”. Niega la realidad de nuestro país, oprimidopor el latifundio y el imperialismo, en el que un 50% de los trabajadores estáen negro. Niega, además, el derecho de los trabajadores a jubilarse y recibiruna pensión digna.
La nueva prórroga de esta moratoria jubilatoria, que comenzó durante elgobierno de Cristina es importante, más allá de que ésta no solucione elproblema de fondo y la jubilación mínima sea una miseria en relación a lacanasta básica y las necesidades que tiene un jubilado.
Semanario Hoy N° 1953
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/se-aprobo-la-prorroga-de-la-moratoria-previsional/ 
Against the#8217; imperialist assault, let us raise the banner of the popular war! 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-08T97:00:00-04:00
Images: []
Categories: ['French', 'Other Languages']
_ PROLOTARIES OF ALL PAYS, UNDER!_
Against the imperialist aggression, Lev ons high the banner of Laguerre popular ! 
This February 24, the war of large -scale Russian aggression countel'ukraine will have lasted a year. This unjust war had hundreds of the dead of dead and injured and millions of refugees. Thanks to the heroic Defense of their homeland by the Ukrainian people, despite the national traitory regime led by Lan Yankee Zelensky, the aggressor was not able to achieve his war objectives.As President Mao thought, we, Communists, do not fear worldwide, we do not fear nuclear war, we are counter -to -help and we will do everything to prevent it by developing the revolution, percompaning the reactionary war by the popular war. While condemning the imperialist aggression and the warrior propaganda of the imperialists, we never have to forget this. The imperialist aggression must be defeated by Laguerre Populaire.
Russian imperialist outside Ukraine!Long live the struggle of the Ukrainian people!Down with Yankee imperialism and all its acolytes!Avant in the struggle for the reconstruction of Enukraine communist parties, in Russia and around the world!
International Communist League February 8, 2023
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/08/contre-lagression-imperialiste-levons-haut-la-banniere-de-la-guerre-populaire/ 
Women, Road to Revolutionary Resistance Salmotan and Iasalan 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: To all the women's members of the voyeurous movement of New Women (Stronger) and New People & # 039; S Army, as a student's youth, workers and farmers, vendors and drivers, businesses
Images: [' npa-agusan-del-sur-map-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ["People's War", 'Women']
Type: article
 In all of the people-the member of the nationalist movement of the new woman(Makibaka)and New People's Army, as a student's youth, farmer, vendors and drivers, businessmen, the government, of the government, OFWs and to see our statement today, Laughing greeting and all of you!
Today, March 8, 2023, is the 46th years of celebration of the Women's Day since the United Nation accepted it. Wishing Normal History of Women's movement around the world for his basic rights such as fair treatment(gender equality), reproductive rights and violence and abuse Batuk Sakababayen(violence and abuse against women). Ato usab gihatagan sa taasnga pasidungog karong adlawa ang tanang kababayen-ang rebolusyonaryong martirnga tibuok-kasingkasing nga mihalad sa ilang kinabuhi alang sa interes sanasud ug katawhang Pilipino.
Ilalom sa kasamtangang rehimeng US-Marcos nga mipuli ug igo lamang mipadayonsa bangis ug mapig-otong pghari sa kanhing rehimeng US-Duterte, samot nganagkagrabe ang pag-antus nga nasinati sa kababayen-an kuyog ang katawhangPilipino tungod sa grabeng pagkahugno sa ilang mga panginabuhian. Walay puasang grabeng pangdaugdaug ug pagpahimulos sa mga hakog nga dagkung monopolyongkapitalistang kumpanya ug mga opisyal sa gobyerno ug militar. Kaylap angpagguba sa kinaiyahan ug pagpangilog ug yuta sa mga langyaw ug lokal ngaagalong yutaan ngadto sa mga mag-uuma ug lumad sa kabukiran,kontraktwalisasyon ug paglansang sa dili makabuhi nga suhulan sa mga mamumuosa kasyudaran ug umahang kapitalista, smuggling, pagkahugno sa kita/income samga gagmay ug hatunga nga mga negosyante ug propesyunal, pagsirit-pasaka sapresyu sa produktong petrolyo ug tanang batakang palaliton, militatisasyon ugdaghan pa. Kining tanan gibunga sa makilangyaw nga palisiyang liberalisasyon,deregulasyon ug pribatisasyon sulod sa pila na ka dekadang milabay.
Here in Agusan del Sur, it is spreading violence and oppression API and FPPI with the AFP with the workers and farmers. Their family and their families became victims of harassment and destroying their union and cooperative, apparently violating their rights, illegally arrested and murdering the agents and membranes of agents AFP / PNP. While the great part of women and their families are victims of false supports promised by fake cooperatives built by the National Greening Program(Ngp)ug UplandSustainable Agriculture Development(USAD)In the reactionary government. Packed in debt because of the rich and pressure of their products such as Sacacao, Rubber, Palkata and UBP and are in danger of resistant to land.
As a result, the opportunity has lost the opportunity to attend banks and are forced to work or enter anti-social work and enter maritalism before being ridiculed in their distress.
Overall, the condition is ripe for women to grow, women organize his widespread order. It's time to take away fear, following and silence. It will open the thoughts of social free and irritating actively active and participate in basic changes in society and women's conditions.
The mountains must lead women to study and disclosure areas of land and destroy nature, in minias programming led by reactions, government officials and landlords. Long time ago the capitalist and local landlords in the land of Agusan del Surug were in danger of being imitated from the hands of farmers by sight and cruelty.Women need to build the union and other forms of unity.
The Women's Study Study Matters Meeting and Connecting Protests to Self-Sign Intukation Rights and Mandatory Military Training to Schools Only to Corruption to parents.
Women in the NPA, above all, must struggle with the principle and office. It is necessary to be sharp and lustrous to the enemy who has been launched by the enemy who refers to the armed resistance of the people.
The Kabyn required his thinking from the regards in prison with the rotten view of one's self as weak, serve and decorating only with men. The only weapon is the only highest form of liberation and the rapidly armed armed weapon's revolutionary armed.
So women are still, the rest of self-standing begins. Weapon is reasonable to fully protect self. At the new People's Army and go with our revolution.
Live women fight!
Live the voyeurous movement of the new women!
Support and Assign the Armed Struggle!
Women, Sampa in New People's Army!
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/kababayen-an-dalan-sa-rebolusyonaryon-pagsukol-salmotan-ug-iasdang/ 
Celebrate the strong struggle of the International Women's Day 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-08T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Happy celebration of all women for the 112th Declaration in Int & # 039; L Women & # 039; S Day, especially to revolutionary women - no doubt in receiving the challenge of PA
Images: [' npa-surigao-del-sur-1024x576.png ']
Categories: None
Type: article
 Happy celebration of all women's for the 112th DeclarationS Int 'l Women's Day, especially to revolutionary women - the revolutionary doubts to accept the challenge of time to degrade the new society.
Long salute to those who have become martyrs in the revolutionary revolution for their precious life to serve the people's purpose to give birth to the need for all the oppression and exploit.
High history of the struggles of the Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Struggles. But at the semi colonial and semi feudal societies, continue to be subject to domination of maintaining patriarchals, bourgeois and feudal relationships with men.
In spite of the Government Pieces of this "Womens Empowerment Andgender Equality", the opportunity of women's involvement of men in private and public and public and public and public and public and public and public and public work.
The sector is still involved in the Subject to the Job Order System CONTRACTING employment especially in factories and even government. Great count of health workers and nurses women of the Women becoming Front Liners during COVID 19. The Risk Allowance has not received it inadequate.
The teachers still remain under private school teachers where it is also the majority of women. The migrant workers still entitled their employment and their employer was vulnerable to their boss, where the latest Jullibee Ranara was raped, killed, burned and thrown away and was burned and thrown away.
It is evident in our country that the reactionary government is in the sight of responding and solving the basic problems of our people especially to provide security to women's well-being. Infinite and established solutions made by government for fundamental social problems.It is great to measure it in the revolutionary movement, enjoyed a woman's respect.
Fairy women can see the fellow women in various kinds of revolutionary functions regardless of guerrilla.
It usually loves medical and financial work. Although married forms of military work and other manual functions they have been involved.
Its great role is denied for comprehensive advance salebolution. It is also recognized that it is impossible to advance until the revolution is fully implemented if the sector does not participate and acts.
So we encourage the number of women who follow the footsteps of the revolutionary women who offered their lifespanings for the context of the interests of the interests of the oppressed human beings.
Live women fight!
Sampa in New People's Army!
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/saulogon-ang-mapadayunong-pakigbisog-sa-international-nga-adlaw-sa-kababayen-an/ 
End of Foradori-Duncan Agreement 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-08T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: 
Description: Foreign Minister Santiago Cafiero informed the British government of the end of the Foradori-Duncan Agreement, within the framework of the G20 Chancellian Summit. That agreement was managed and signed during the Macri government, responding submissively to the British demands set forth in a letter to Macri of the then Prime Minister & Hellip;
Images: [' malvinas-argentinas.jpg ']
Type: article
 Foreign Minister Santiago Cafiero informed the government of the Foradori-Duncan Agreement, within the framework of the G20 Decancille Summit. That agreement was managed and signed during the Demacri government, responding submissively to the British demands set forth in a Macri of the then Prime Minister Theresa May. That letter were the agreements or notes of understanding of Malcorra-Duncan and deforator-duncan of September 14, 2016, today canceled.
The Government also revoked the agreement for the San Pablo-Córdoba-Malvinasque trip agreed by the Macri government and served to satisfy the logistics to the British colonialist occupation. They are two positive measures and thus must beñalar. At the same time, it must be required that all the political ones that were part of that covenant should be left without effect.
The regulatory framework for economic, diplomatic and military relations with English imperialism in the matter of the sovereignty of our occupied territories, are still the agreements of Madrid in October 1989(Paraguas of Sovereignty)and February 1990(Police control over our National Fafes)Signed by Menem and Cavallo, which, together with the Degarantía Law to British investments No. 24,184 of 1992, promoted by menemism, a true statute was meaning in practice.
English imperialism aspires to colonize more than 5,000,000 km² of unquestionable territories Argentine sovereignty. From its military occupation in Malvinasameza to the Argentine continental territory, our Antarctic projection, Argentine continental laplatform and all the rich natural resources(fishing, hydrocarbons, etc.), that prey year after year and where the funds arise to sustain their illegal and illegitimate usurpation.#### Write Alberto F. Cordelli 
Today N ° 1953 03/08/2023
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/fin-del-acuerdo-foradori-duncan/ 
PROPOSAL PALIS AND RACE OF KKE (M-L)-KKE (M-L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-03-08T99:00:00-04:00
Description: The fair rage of people and youth came out on the streets!PROPOSAL PALIS AND RACE OF KKE (M-L)
Images: [' τεμπ1.jpg ']
Type: article
 * Mass crime in Tempi has many culprits and accomplices. The European imperialists who plunder the wealth and infrastructure of the country, in the name of "United and Democratic" Europe. The local capital and overall the bourgeoisie of the country that grab, parasitize and treasure at the expense of even the life of the people, as intermediaries and posts of their imperialist bosses. That is, with the backs of the country's imperialist dependency that praise it as a "necessary" and "great idea". The policy of all governments and all bourgeois parties that - with or without memorandums - serve foreign and local bosses, make law the looting, the country's verb, the misery of the people. The mechanisms of the bourgeois state, such as the so -called "righteousness" that never sees and will never see the crimes of "above", whatever and whatever evidence is about them. But it is "jerk" and lightning in the "justification" of auctions, condemning any strike and mobilization of workers and young people. The media that "knew" nothing about - for months and years - was announced. Never 'they know' anything about what can spoil the jobs of big bosses(and their owners). Αλλά πάντα και διαρκώς ξέρουν να συκοφαντούν, να διαστρεβλώνουν, να χυδαιολογούν για το δίκιο των πολλών. Το μαζικό έγκλημα στα Τέμπη έχει έναν ένοχο: Το σύστημα της εξάρτησης και της εκμετάλλευσης που κάθεται στο σβέρκο της εργατικής τάξης, του λαού και της νεολαίας!
Crocodile tears, resignations and prime ministerial "apology", and even for the "account of all governments" of the system, the system and government are recruited to pass the Cavo of Popular and Youth Wrath. All this is not just fake, they are outrageous!"They sympathize and tear", and at the same time - and before the crime dead are buried - they raise the hiring of the entire railway network for six months!"They are saddened and crushed" for the dead and the injured, and at the same time decide that hospitals will not get a single euro from the state budget and operate as business-cost businesses!"They are crying and worse," and at the same time they are taking hope-comment to define whether and how many of the 100,000 young people who participated in ASEP will have some "chance" for some job!It is therefore a "individual responsibility" if you get sick, if you find care, if you have a job, if you have school and study. This is the doctrine of the system that does not fit work and life with rights for the whole people!This "regularity" is served by all parties in the system. From this "regularity" they do not even leave these first days of mass crime. With the provocative theater of sadness and "opposition complaints" they want to close brackets(as they hope)of popular anger. To accelerate and escalate the policies that murder the life and the rights of the people.
The rage does not fit and is not justified in the ballot box!The ND government wants not to be charged and erased the rage, SYRIZA's "opposition", PASOK wants to relieve it and collect it in the ballot box. The crime complicity fight is reactive. Its basis is to convene the crime, to open the way for the escalation of anti -labor policy that everyone serves. Close up and ... "disobedient" Varoufakis, he proposed to the SYRIZA government "Mountains" in 2017 to be "beneficial" to the OSE sale to the Italian FSI. He suggests the same today, after the crime!Their system is murdered!Struggle to become popular anger!
The wrath of people and youth is fair and deep. He was born and fueled now- to the policies of the system. It accumulated in the whole mountainous in the previous decade of the wild capitalist attack and the imperialist expansion that with the memorandums swept conquests and rights. He grew up in the reactionary-repressive mackerel of the Karantina. He culminated in the conditions of beastly accuracy, extensive poverty, alms benefits, while the horizon was set by the explosions of the unjust war in downtown Europe.
The mass crime and the exlite of the train are the cause of this eruption of this dying rage. People and youths are deeply painful for this human sacrifice of the system of profit and barbarism. At the same time, they realize that the impasses and suffering in the life of everyone and all of us are sacrifices on the same altar. The only way to get a barrier to it the tomato of the rights and conditions of the people of people and youth is the road of mass struggle. This is the only way that anger can be justified, bring victories and conquests for the people and youth!
With General Assemblies • Occupations in schools and schools, strikes and passages 
To fight and claim for the whole people:
Safe and cheap transportation
Permanent and steady work
Increases in wages to cover the cost of living
Free and FULL CARE - FREE STUDENTS
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/προταση-παλησ-και-αγωνα-του-κκε-μ-λ/ 
Appeal to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist Marxist parties and organizations to join the International Communist League 
Author: COMMUNIST INTERNATIONAL MARXIST-LENINIST-MAOIST ONLINE NEWSPAPER
Time: 2023-03-08T99:00:00-04:00
Images: []
Categories: ['French', 'Other Languages']
_ PROLOTARIES OF ALL PAYS, UNDER!_
Call to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist Marxist parties and organizations to be joined by the International Communist League 
The successful holding of the unified Maoist International Conference and Lafinement of the International Communist League are Duproletariat International achievements and a blow of grace against the general counter-revolutionary offensive of imperialism and the world reaction, all like against revisionism and all opportunisms. It has been less than this leap has been produced; The declaration and ontée resolutions translated into 15 languages, and the foundation was celebrated by actions in at least 20 countries, with hundreds of actions ranging from graffiti, duhisson of flags, the suspension of banners, the holding of Posters, to leaflet distribution activities, and to a large Decommunist event with hundreds of participants parading in Germany with the LCIDRAPS and its slogans. It is an unprecedented historical feat of the Communists in a dozen countries have carried out actions under the Logan: let us unite under Maoism!Down with revisionism!Long live international communist laligue!The quantity and quality of the actions to the historical importance of the leap which has been produced and are unanary of the powerful impulse that the communist international movement takes.
The Foundation of the International Communist League is the result of a long and complex pre-trial of more than four decades to overcome Ladispersion and unite the International Communist Movement under Marxism-Leninism-Maoism as commandment and guide of the World Revolution. It is by understanding this process of several decades that it is possible to understand historical transcendence and the deep strategic content of the foundation of the International Communist League.Within the CIMU, parties and organizations with dedicated views were able to reach - through a two -line struggle, by unity, criticism, unity in an honest way and with coamaraderie - The largest ideological and political unity of the four -dear decades. This is a complete example that real communists are uniting under Maoism!The division of the international proletariat Nessert only the interests of revisionism and the reaction. The political declaration and the principles of the LCI express the unity which firmly affected by 15 parties and organizations around the world, it is a big step forward and it is the basis and the point of reference to unify the whole MCI .
The International Communist League will spare no effort to establish a direct meeting with all the M-L-M organizations and organizations which will want to be unity and not to division and which defend the three basic principles: 1. The defense of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, 2. The fight against lerevisionism, and 3. To be for the world proletarian revolution. The LCIS'S effective to organize meetings, meetings and forums aimed at meeting the struggle of two lines and promoting the ideological andpolitical unity. Consequently, it will support all proposals, initiatives, forums, which are used to develop the unity-unity unit. Just ascela was asserted in the political declaration and the principles:
_ “The new international organization is aidid, political and organizational coordination center, based on centralism of aemocratic and the solution of problems by the mutual and permanent consultation between the parties and organizations that comply with it, and it will be this procedure to all those who - While participating in the same principes and goals - are outside of it. »_
News Source: https://ci-ic.org/blog/2023/03/08/appel-a-tous-les-partis-et-organisations-marxistes-leninistes-maoistes-a-rejoindre-la-ligue-communiste-internationale/ 
Statement from the Communist Association for March 8, 2023 
Author: 'KOMMUNISTISKA FÖRENINGEN'
Time: 2023-03-08T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' PKP.png ']
Categories: ['Featured', 'Nyheter', 'Uttalanden']
 “ Experiences from all liberation movements har bevisa t atvolution's victory depend to the extent to which women participate” — Lenin
Since the turn of the millennium, we have seen tasted struggles from the world's fighting people, mainly in the countries pre -printed by imperialism. In these countries, the people have been contrary to imperialism, for national freedom, for land for the farmers and against the climate destruction of imperialism. As Maoists, we are delighted by the news from the oppressed countries and sees it as evidence that the revolution lives and will prevail. We also see that women are in the primary place for all these battles. Throughout Latin America, female poverty farmers lead to land and towards the imperialist companies. They actively participate in Iorganizations such as Brazil's Poverty Bonde Committee, LCP. In Argentina Harkvinnor won the right to abortion, a partial victory in the fight for women's rights. Women in India have for decades fight against the Indian state's unwillingness to resolve men's violence against women and instead took the matter into their own hands. Most -moving is that women are increasingly participating in the biggest revolutionary fighting day: the folk wars in the Philippines, India, Peru and Turkey.
Even in the imperialist world, the revolutionary proletarian movement and the proletarian feminist movement with it. Red women's committees have been formed in Germany and Austria. This is a sign that women are increasingly inserted that their liberation struggle is linked to the proletarian liberation struggle. Even in imperialist countries, it is the women in the proletariat that is mainly affected by the bourgeoisie's offensives. Women are half the proletarium and the proletariat cannot fight against the bourgeoisie without the entire class strength organized. This is why the proletarian feminist movement is unnecessary for the revolution, both in imperialist and oppressed countries.March 8 is International Workers' Woman's Day. A day that female communists created to pay attention to the role of women in the revolution. In this, we urge Sweden's revolutionaries to unite under Marxism-Leninism-Maoism's banner. Under it, we will recommend the Communist Party that will lead the struggle of the masses against the oppression of the class society and the fighting masses to build socialism. During which the woman will free herself from thousands of years of patriarchy.
_ reconstitution Sweden's Communist Party on Marxism-Leninism-Maoism's foundation!_ 
_ one whole proletarium against bourgeoisie and patriarchy!_ 
_ p _ _ Roletär feminism for communism! _
News Source: https://kommunisten.nu/?p=14202 
