马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
2023-03-07
 




English 

CPP Statement On Remarks Made By VP Duterte That Transport Strike Is “Communist-Inspired” 
Author: Alan Warsaw
Publish Time: 2023-03-06T05:51:35+00:00
Update Time: 2023-03-06T22:53:26+00:00
Images: [' jeepney-phaseout-strike-movement-1024x768-1-800x445.jpeg ']
Tags: ['Antifascism', 'communist party of the philippines', 'CPP', 'CPP-NPA-NDF', 'CPP-NPA-NDFP', 'Duterte', 'Fascism', 'Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr', 'Ferdinand Marcos Jr.', 'Marco L. Valbuena', 'Marcos II Regime', 'Marcos-Duterte Regime', 'National Democratic Front of the Philippines', 'NDFP', "new people's army", 'NPA', 'Philippine Revolution', 'Philippine Revolution Web Central', 'philippines', 'PPW in the Philippines', 'Public Utility Vehicle Modernization Program', 'PUVMP', 'Sara Duterte', 'US-Marcos-Duterte Regime']
Categories: ["People's War", 'Philippines']
 Marco Valbuena | Chief Information Officer | Communist Party Of ThePhilippines 
March 6, 2023 
Vice President Sara Duterte is so stuck in her anti-communist obsession thatshe refuses to acknowledge the real reasons why jeepney drivers and othertransport workers are staging protest actions. In saying the transport strikeis “communist-inspired” ang “pointless,” Sara Duterte is displaying the samepuerile attitude of her tyrant father who once told jeepney drivers “walaakong pakialam kung magutom kayo.” Her claim that the strike and protests are“pointless” proves she possesses not an iota of sympathy for the poor anddowntrodden masses.
Sara Duterte wants to railroad the anti-poor and anti-people Public UtilityVehicle Modernization Program(Puvmp)in behalf of the interests of bigbourgeois compradors and foreign capitalist suppliers.
In the face of rising protests of workers, students and other sectors, expectDuterte and her ilk of fascists to repeat such words as “communist-inspired,”“communist-directed”, “communist agitation” and so on, in an effort to obscurethe fact that the anti-people and pro-imperialist neoliberal economic measuresbeing carried out by the Marcos-Duterte regime, is worsening the economiccrisis, aggravating the socioeconomic conditions of the people and compellingthem to wage mass protests to defend their livelihood and interests.
In her obsession to link every word spoken and action taken by the people tothe CPP, Duterte is unwittingly complimenting the Communist Party of thePhilippines.
 
News Source: https://www.redspark.nu/en/peoples-war/cpp-statement-on-remarks-made-by-vp-duterte-that-transport-strike-is-communist-inspired/ 
Greece: Heavy fights after train disaster in Tembi 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-06T06:13:42+00:00
Images: [' Griechenland_Schwere_Kämpfe_nach_Zugkatastrophe_in_Tembi-1.jpg ', ' Griechenland_Schwere_Kämpfe_nach_Zugkatastrophe_in_Tembi-2.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: None
 57 dead and hundreds of injuries called for the train disaster in Greece -pasted week. A catastrophe that is less inappropriate than a result of the long -term savings policy in all areas of the country. When we speak over this austerity policy, the role of the EU and in particular German imperialism should not be neglected, the Greece Voretwas over 10 years as part of the EU rescue package with schierzunzmakable measures under which the Greek people are becoming increasingly re-ended.
For years there has been a loud outcry by the unions that repeatedly pointed out that the railway and the public transport dramatically have been underfunded. So you have to say that such a cheese catastrophe was predictable as last Tuesday. Because of this fact, the anger of the Greek people is so big after the train disaster Vontembi. Masses demonstrate daily in different states and demand an end to the murdery austerity policy, which is continued by the government of Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
In the last few days, the police have repeatedly occurred on the demonstrations where ten thousands of ten thousands of ten thousands of people. Mass stones and molotov cocktails threw on the police, which replied with tranenas and glare grenades. Numerous people on both sides were injured.
The protests once again become clear that the Greek people sat down the savings policy forced, which the country has been pending for almost 13 years. The so -called state debt crisis is rolled over to the Greek people in all areas and the people defend themselves against it. This is not only shown in the current protests, but in numerous Kampfen that the Greek people have run in recent years.
 
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-international/7524-griechenland-schwere-kaempfe-nach-zugkatastrophe-in-tembi 
Old state holds José Rainha and Luciano de Lima, FNL leaders - The New Democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: In another chapter of the criminalization criminalization of the land in Brazil, the old Brazilian state, through the São Paulo Civil Police (PC), arrested
Publish Time: 2023-03-06T15:21:41-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T15:48:17-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T15:48:17-03:00
Images: [' Ze-rainha-e-luciano-presos-768x470-1.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ', ' image-8.png ']
Section: Luta Pela Terra
Tags: ['Carnaval vermelho', 'Pontal do Paranapanema', 'Tomadas de terra']
Type: article
 José Rainha and Luciano de Lima. Photo: Reproduction
In another chapter of the criminalization of the peasant struggle for land in Brazil, the old Brazilian state, through the Civil Police(PC)From São Paulo, arrested peasant leaders José Rainha Júnior, Zé Rainha, and Luciano de Lima, in São Paulo. Political arrests took place on March 4, a month apósic start of the wave of occupations directed by the National Fighting Front - Field Ecity(FNL), which shuddered Brazil, the "Red Carnival". “Justice” decided, during a custody hearing held the morning of the day after(05/03), in Presidente Venceslau(SP)keep them in prison.
According to the information passed on by the PC to the G1 press monopoly, José Rainha Júnior was arrested in a lot where he resides, in the Checkevara settlement, in Mirante do Paranapanema(SP), while the arrest of Luciano de Limaocreuu on the José Corrêa de Araújo Highway, on the border between the states of São Paulo and Paraná, between the municipalities of Sandovalina(SP)and Garden Olinda(PR).
A PC afirma que as lideranças são suspeitas de "extorsão", porém sem maioresinformações concretas sobre como teria se dado o suposto crime. Na nota, nãohá nenhuma menção à grilagem de terras públicas da União ou à atuaçãocriminosa de pistoleiros pagos porlatifundiários , who present themselves commodones of the lands occupied by thousands of Brazilians in the last few weeks.
About 5,600 peasants participated in the "Red Carnival". Photo: ReproductionThe article entitled “ Under the Call of the FNL, peasants occupy portooda landing country ”, Published by and in February, 2022, when the“ red carnival ”of that year, he says:“ The great mobilization that resulted in the baptismal of the estates throughout the country, comes from meeting with the masses of workers who, in front of Colossal crisis that is imposed on it, is led to understand and seek to solve its problems, gaining a piece of land. With this, it takes shape and develops an enradition that pushes the landless peasants versus latifundium, as part of the fundamental contradiction of our society, masses versus semi -feudality(contradiction never resolved, but fostered by the old state).”.
No mesmo mês do “Carnaval vermelho”, 207 camponeses foram encontradossubmetidos a relações semifeudais na colheita da uva das vinícolaslatifundiárias Aurora, Cooperativa Garibaldi e Salton, em Bento Gonçalves, naserra gaúcha. O caso envolvendo o chamado “trabalho análogo à escravidão” foidenunciado pela primeira vez no dia 22/02, após dois trabalhadores fugirem. Oresponsável pela empresa terceirizada, Pedro Augusto de Oliveira Santana, de45 anos, chegou a ser preso, mas vai responder pelo crime em liberdade, poispagou fiança no valor irrisório de R$ 40 mil.
Já durante a própria jornada do “Carnaval vermelho”, os camponeses sofreram atentativa de criminalização de sua luta, além de enfrentarem os pistoleiros elatifundiários sedentos de sangue camponês. No sábado de carnaval (18/02), em ponta in the grossa(PR), the Military Police(PM)withdrew the dozens of families that occupied the area abandoned by the Ponta Grossa Housing Company(Prolar). As forças repressivas do velho Estado latifundiário-burocráticoreprimiram os camponeses com bombas de gás lacrimogêneo e ameaças de morte. Aofinal da operação, 13 integrantes da FNL, entre eles a liderança camponesaLeandro Dias, advogado coordenador da FNL em Ponta Grossa, foram levados à 13ªDivisão Policial de Ponta Grossa.
While, in the eyes of the Old Latifundia-Burocratic State, the crime of the Latifundia, from the gunmen to the latifundium and police do not exist, to the extent that they are all loose, the “crime” committed by Zé Rainhae Luciano de Lima was to have dared to fight together to the peasants in search of a land pedestrian. This struggle, because it is bruised frontally against secularLatifundium and the entire current exploration and oppression system, is fought epersed by the reactionary ruling classes.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/velho-estado-prende-jose-rainha-e-luciano-de-lima-liderancas-da-fnl/ 
RJ: Residents burns PM base after student murder - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: Residents of the Kelson Community in the Penha Complex, North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, set fire to a Military Police base after the murder of a young student at close range.
Publish Time: 2023-03-06T15:57:28-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T14:52:38-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T14:52:38-03:00
Images: [' kelsons.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ', ' kelsons-jovem-jogador-de-futebol.webp ', ' 102274721-ri-rio-de-janeiro-rj-04-03-2023-alex-souza-araujo-santos-19-anos-morador-da-favela-kelson-1024x683.webp ', ' pm.jpg ', ' dados.webp ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['penha', 'polícia', 'violência policial']
Type: article
 Residents of the Penha Complex(RJ)They fire the PM base after student murder. Photo: Reproduction
Residents of the Kelson Community, in the Penha Complex, North Zone of Rio Dejaneiro, burned a base of the Military Police(PM)After the murder of a student-gard-blind student. Alex Souza Araújo Santos was 19 years old, Era of the 3rd year of high school and played soccer in the basic team of the commonity. Alex Souza passed away while being taken by popular to the Hospital Getúlio Vargas.
Alexsouza, 19, a student and soccer player, was murdered by the Ponha Complex. Photos: Reproduction
The residents, angry, retaliated to the cowardly murder throwing stones at PMviatures and closing a road from Avenida Brasil near the community. Osmorators were repressed in their fair revolt with firearm shots ebombas of tear gas by the special rounds and control battalion and control(RECOM)from the killer PM. Residents were not intimidated by the gunshots and continued the protest.
 
Contrary to what the PM claims, Alex's friend Luciano Santos says there was no operation in the community during the murder: “The kid was not transient. He was in the 3rd year of high school and played as a nongatalian midfield, the Kelson's soccer team. I dreamed of being a professional player. What happened was absurd, ”said Luciano in an interview with the monopoly of Extra.
André Werneck, who maintains social project for children and teenagers Nakelson's and was a coach of Alex, told what happened at the time of execution: “When he left the alley and saw the PMs scared and came back. One of the soldiers was back and shot. Igor, his friend, was also with a child on his lap. Three people at risk. If he thought he was a suspect he should have shot up, not doing what he did, ”said André.
In addition, the residents report that the execution was performed with a backgrew.
 
Alex was the oldest of a family with three brothers. His father, Robson Araújodos Santos, 41, expresses the desire to fight so that what happened to Comalex does not happen to other young people: “Unfortunately, what happened my son occurs all the time in the community. There are numerous cases of people for nothing. But I will fight so that this does not happen again. ”
Alex, as a under-17 player, also went through Macaé, Audax and Duke Decaxias. In addition to studying he would start working on a bricklayer's argument with his uncle.
 
Exactly two months before Alex's murder, a protest occurred Nakelson's on January 4 after a resident was shot and killed by the PM in the community. At the time, the residents also banned an AvenidaBrasil strip.The excuse given by the police was the same for Alex that "the police made shots targets and retaliated." In both cases, the police claim that it was found in the backpack of victims “weapons, drugs and communicator radio.” These three items are popularly known as a “bandit kit”, since police officers carry it and implant with the bodies of skillful residents blatant .
In addition, complaints from residents claim that Caveirão has been going through at least six months, and that the mobile police base is permanently parked in the community.
In 2022, the Public Security Observatory Network analyzed 21,000 “eventsviolent events” in seven states and their causative factors. In total, 55% doses analyzed were caused by the police in the study. In Rio de Janeiro, however, the data exceeded this brand, reaching 67%.
NUMBER DEATERS OF THE SAFETY OBSERVATORY NETWORK REPORT 2021/2022: RJVIOLEIROTE. Photo: Reproduction
In addition, from 2007 to 2021, 17,929 Poorlas in the Rio Metropolitan Region were held, of which 593 will finish slaughter, with a total of 2,374 civilians killed, according to the police reports, produced by the New Study Group ILLEGALISMS OF FLUMINENSE FEDERAL UNIVERSITY(Genes/Uff).
As operações realizadas diariamente em centenas de favelas da cidade do Rio deJaneiro, assim como as bases policiais da Unidade de Polícia Pacificadora(Up)implemented in the slums as permanent militarization of the territory, they are the result of the reactionary civil war against the people throughout the country.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-moradores-incendeiam-base-da-pm-apos-assassinato-de-estudante/ 
Solidarity Note: Immediate freedom for José Rainha and Luciano de Lima!Fighting is not a crime 
Author: Postado por
Time: 2023-03-06T17:05:00-03:00
Images: [' LIBERDADE%20IMEDIATA%20PARA%20JOS%C3%89%20RAINHA%20E%20LUCIANO%20de%20lima%20(1).png ']
Solidarity Note: Immediate freedom for José Rainha and Luciano Delima!Fighting is not a crime 
We from the Brazilian Center for Solidarity to Peoples - Cebrasp and Brazilian Association of People's Lawyers - Abrapo, we express our unrestricitarity to companions Jose Rainha and Luciano de Lima and the Functional Fighting - FNL for their arbitrary arrests made on the 05th of this year.
The companions were arrested by the Civil Police of São Paulo in an act of political clarity for the struggle that the movement has been crashing to resolve survival aspects of thousands of families for the possession worthy of a land pedestrian.
It is not fair that there are more than 125 million Brazilians with some food insurance, more than 33 million with food insecurity, land monopolized by the land exporting product exporter enriches a minority not paying taxes or its debts with banks.
The DNA of so -called agribusiness entrepreneurs today is stained with peasants, indigenous and quilombolas by the occupation and grabbing of theirterras and public lands. But today, they are entitled to criminalize, attack with jagunços gangs and use their agents in the public administration to combat those who fight for the constitutional text of the land in Brazil.
This is seen at Pontal do Paranapanema(SP)where there was the arrest of the leaders of the FNL and where public lands are invaded. According to FNL report, Essadebate(land ownership)It has already been won in a decision issued by the Minister Carmen Lúcia moved and tried and recently published by the public.We, who are intended to defend the right of the people to fight for their duties we see with extreme concern and we will publicly disclose that Brazil manufactures political prisoners, as it does not guarantee that families are based and work with dignity for their survival, while land is used to Enjoying a few millionaires, are invented by the intensive use of pesticides and often abandoned by the spoof of their predatory use. And it responds to mobilization, which is a direct people with police and jail. It is vexatious for a country that is said to be aocratic to see its institutions as the judiciary and the police serve decreated by the landlord.
We call on all the people and democratic organizations that denounce against these arrests.
We demand freedom for José Rainha and Luciano Lima, political prisoners Dogoverno Tarcísio de Freitas, notorious defender of the solutions of extremely right the social crisis in Brazil, that is, to treat them through the outstanding violence.
Freedom for José Rainha and Luciano Lima! 
Below is the criminalization of the struggle for the land! 
Earth for those who live in it and work! 
News Source: https://cebraspo.blogspot.com/2023/03/nota-de-solidariedade-liberdade.html 
Brief Starting Week 
Author: SolRojista (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: International. Having turned a year from the beginning of the War of Occupation of Russia in Ukraine, a mural newspaper shares us ...
Publish Time: 2023-03-06T17:30:00-08:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-06T17:31:28-08:00
Images: [' xjh56jsr5gle2jitzftysefugi.webp ', ' JericoFeb2023.jpg ', ' ColoMex.jpg ', ' asambleaa-1160x700.jpg ', ' 334811316_3089739487992818_5309960444551371006_n.jpg ']
 International. When a year of the beginning of the Russian War of Occupation in Ukraine has been completed, Mural newspaper shares an interesting articles where reflection is invited from the general analysis of the situation, expanding the panorama no Only to the military intervention Russian delimperialism or the interference support of Yankee imperialism and the other powers of Europe, but also analyzing the situation from the courage in 2014 when fascism took the power of the State; _ "We are talking about a year of formal war from the Russian intervention, peronueve years of civil war reactionary from the coup d'etat" _. Paranuestros readers share LaLiga With that note that deserves our attention.
[](Images/SOL ROJO Mx/2023-03-06T17-30-00-08-00/JericoFeb2023.jpg) 
 ** Colombia/Mexico. For several days and endistintas activities, the partners of the Association of Cabildosindigenos del Norte del Cauca, Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca(CRI), Planda Life SAT FCINXI KIWE DEL NORTE DEL CAUCA and NASA DEL NASTE DEL CAUCA Project were sharing with organizations, collective and people in resistance from Mexico, particularly from the states of Nayarit, Michoacán and Oaxaca. In this route, experiences were shared about the processes of struggle for the defense of the territorial rights of theoriginal peoples and proposals were shared to build forms of vitades to the current one, there was talk of the increase in violence against the defenders of Mother Earth, in particular the outrageous aggressions that women suffer where impunity continues to deprive. Lacreating militarization of different regions of Mexico and violence that the native peoples of Colombia were denounced. The articulation from below is for the peoples a fundamental tool to display the struggle and the common action.
[](Images/SOL ROJO Mx/2023-03-06T17-30-00-08-00/asambleaa-1160x700.jpg) 
 
News Source: http://solrojista.blogspot.com/2023/03/breves-iniciando-semana.html 
PC 6 March - Just dead in the Mediterranean: Saturday 11 March national event in Crotone 
Author: maoist
Description: of network of 26 February numerous and indignant participation in Saturday afternoon in the event at the Prefecture ...
Time: 2023-03-06T19:35:00+01:00
Images: [' Cutro-spiaggia-720x300.jpg ']
of network 26 February 
 Numerous and indignant participation of the prefecture of Crotone on Saturday afternoon. A participant, indignant and united crowd in truth and justice for the deaths of the massacre of the spa of Cutro and to say enough to the discriminatory policies that generate all this.
Survivors, family members, rescuers, volunteers and associations, Constitisinella Rete 26 February have finally made a word, denouncing the state of the Diestremo abandonment to which they are subjected.
We thank all the participants, the many and the many who from Milan Allala Sicily took to the streets against all dehumanity and in solidarity with migrant cones.
The Cutro massacre is only the last of a long series. In the last 10 years, lemorters at sea have been more than 25 thousand and we cannot let ourcost and our sea become a real cemetery for those who are looking for a better unfouring by running away from wars, dictatorships, poverty.
We are Calabresi, we know well what it means to leave their land we exist aware that the criminal policies that abandon the same policies in the sea that abandon us on the mainland, local and migrants, volunteers, associations, third sector are being loaded, in the absence of the institutions, in providing aisuper support and the families of the victims.
To date, despite the visit of the President of the Republic and late lesisers found to the Calabria Region, there are no information on the practices relating to the repatriation of the corpses and to the reservations. It is therefore precisely from Calabria that as a network of 26 February we call the movements, individuals, unions, associations of all of Italy for a national event on Saturday 11 March in Crotone. 
To ask truth and justice on the Cutro massacre and on all the dormed massacres.
To say no to the catwalks of the government and those who have built their consensocriminalize migrants and save in the sea, using inhuman words by eco -vacationing the victims.
To stop the criminalization of NGOs and save in the sea.For the end of any discriminatory policy towards migrants.
lacalabbaperiditiumani #stageddicutro #bastastaginelmediterraneo 
Rete February 26th
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-6-marzo-basta-morti-nel-mediterraneo.html 
International Communist Federation's statement in Norwegian 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The publisher Red tab has translated the declaration that constitutes the ideological and political basis for the International Communist Association. We encourage all readers to study it and use it so ...
Publish Time: 2023-03-06T23:14:04+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T19:39:01+00:00
Images: [' ikf.png ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Uttalelser'
 * 
Av editor in the Earn Folket Media. 

The publisher Red tab has translated the declaration that constitutes the ideological and political basis for the International Communist Federation. We encourage readers to study it and apply it as inspiration and guidance. 
The comrades of communist international(ci-ic.org)Has the statement of publication in several languages, along with the news of the victorious Unentemaoistic International Conference, December 26, 2022:
Historical News of the Successful Holding of the Unified Maoist International Conference: The International Communist League was founded! * 
Contents
Preface to Norwegian translation 
We greet the great victory that has been won through the first union theme international conference and the foundation of the International Communist Association, IKF. This is a great victory for the international proletariat and the world's oppressed people, for the international communist movement, and for chairman Gonzalo, the greatest Marxist-Leninist Maoist of our time.
This incident means that the campaign for Maoism, initiated by the Originian Party in 1982, is in the process of culminating, by establishing Maoism as the only command and guidance for the proletarian world revolution. This is a hard blow to imperialism, the reaction and auditism.We are fully responsible for all any errors and omissions in the translation. We have created an addition that, among other things, explains some refractors in the text.
Publisher Red tab March 2023 

Proletares in all countries, unacculted you! 
Political declaration and principles of International Communist Federation 
i. INTRODUCTION 
As communists, we are sons and daughters of a unique class in the world, Detinational Proletariat, which has an unbreakable fate: Communism, which either all or no one reaches. That is why we hold full and stuck on proletarian internationalism as a fundamental principle for IKB, by using our powerful and immortal parole established in the manifesto of the communist parties of Marx and Engels: "Proletars in all countries, you!"
Communism is the inexorable goals of history. Mankind marches towards the and the unreasonable goal will be achieved no matter what circumstances we face.
Communist's main task is to transform and develop as a Marxist-Leninist-Maoistic Communist Party to revolution The. Existence of a communist party is crucial to making proletarian recovery in the new era we are in-which was opened with the Storesocialist October Revolution in 1917. Without a Marxist-Leninist-Maoist communist party, the revolution can not take place and much less developed for Åerobre and less for Åererobre and less for the riverbar. Defend the new power.
The international communist movement is the voter of the Detternational Proletariat. The main problem for IKB is still that the forces split, and the main danger is revisionism. Its unity is built on the basis and guided by Marxism, today Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, and the application of the revolution in the concrete practice in each country and the process of the world revolution.Today's Demarking Line between Marxism and Revisionism consists of: 1)Recognize or do not recognize Maoism as the third, new and high stage of Marxism, and the necessity of combating revisionism and alloppertunism; 2)to acknowledge or not recognize omnipotence of convolutionary violence to revolution in each of its own countries; 3)Å recognize or not recognize the necessity of tearing the old state apparatus and replacing the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie with the dictatorship of the proletariat; 4)to recognize or not recognize the need for the proletariat revolutionary party. 5)to recognize or not recognize the necessity of proletary internationalism.
IKB cannot take a single step towards reunification without combating auditism and all opportunism indispensable and inseparable from the struggle motimperialism and all the reaction. This is why we are based on the principle that "The Toline Fight is what drives the party's development lover" , which is crucial to formulating and defending the red proletarian line and to fight the other non-proletarian lines, with other words, with other words, To keep the party red.
The general counter-revolutionary offensive that was released in the early 90's in the last century-mainly by Yankee imperialism-becomes the Buseis of the Marxist-Leninist-Maoistic Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Counter-Offensive Folk Wars, the struggles of national liberation and the struggles developed in the world. We greet the heroic people wars in India, Peru, Turkey and the Philippines and the armed national liberation struggles.The fall of the social imperialist Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s represented the defeat of Marxism or socialism, but the bankruptcy of rotting revisionism and social imperialism. Marxism, today Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, is the most complete, progressive and rational doctrine in human history. It represents the new because the ergenic image, ideology, to the latest and most advanced class in history: the proletariat. It is a class that is conscious of its historical role as capitalism and consequently the entire class society's railway. Maoism occurs in contradictory to all decadent and obsolete bourgeois ideology and disesadeered abnormalities.
Over the course of more than 170 years, based on the Communist Partism manifesto in 1848, the ideology of the proletariat has emerged and evolved the ice melt with class struggle in three stages: 1)Marxism, 2)Marxism-Leninism Bog 3)Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Maoism is the international proletariat's all -scientific ideology, omnipotent because it is true, the third, new and higher stage of Marxism. It is Marxism today, which we travel, defender and mainly use.
The new ROL revisionism in Peru, the so-called "Prachandaism" and "Avakianism", etc., operates within the international proletarian movement as part of the general counter-revolutionary offensive, such as enhanti-mayistic countercurrent, operate. The new revisionism negates Marxism, the party, socialism and the dictatorship of the proletariat. Focus for their attacks centering time in the negation of the war war as an essential and inseparable issue in Maoism.
The basics of Maoism are power, in other words power to the proletariat, power to the dictatorship of the proletariat, power based on armed forces led the AV communist Party. To specify: 1)Power under the leadership of the proletariat Iden Democratic Revolution, 2)power to the dictatorship of the proletariat in the socialist revolution and subsequent cultural revolution, 3)Power based on armed forces leader of the Communist Party, conquered and defended through the war.Therefore, the basic aspect of Maoism is power. The war and power of the class is an essential and inseparable part of Maoism, of the proletariatic and military concept, power conquered and defended by an armed strength of the Communist Party.
The revolutionary war, the war, is the superior form of battle, and through it the basic problems of the revolution are solved. It is the Denmilitary Strategy that corresponds to the political strategy(conquest the powerlessness), to change society in favor of the class and the people. It is the main form of struggle, and the public army is the main form of organization, an army of new type that fights, mobilizes2, and produces. The war is the mass war led by the Communist Party, to conquer and defend the new power proletariat.
To keep the war, it is necessary to have four basic questions the ITANS: 1)The ideology of the proletariat, Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, applied to the concrete practices and the peculiarities of the revolution in each country, the weather-sege suppressed land or imperialist countries, 2)The necessity of the Affairs Party leads the war, 3)Specification of the political strategy for its way, 4)Base areas. The new power or front - new state, formed in the base areas, is the core of the war.
To establish base areas, chairman Mao established three basic assumptions: 1)having armed forces, 2)to fight the enemy, 3)ÅMOBILIZE THE MASSES. That is, to develop guerrilla warfare to annihilate the living forces of living, thus creating a power vacuum to establish, construct and defend the new power, to destroy the old production conditions and to build new ones. From here, the contradiction is developed new power/new state against old state, through various moments of restoration and controlling restauration, in line with the fluidity of the war.
Imperialism is the highest and final stage of capitalism, such as ermonopolistic, parasitic, rotting and dying. It is in its general and last crisis, and because of this situation, they are inevitable cyclical crisis depths and increasingly worsened. This is why each new crisis starts from a lower point than before. It is only there to be swept away from the world revolution.Mao established its big thesis: “The next fifty to about a hundred years from now will be a major era of fundamental changes The off -society system around the world, an upheaval poke without the same in noisy historical period. We live in such an era and must be prepared to take part in huge matches, which in the form will have many features that are different from the draws to the matches in the past. ” (Mao Zedong, "Speech at an extended labor conference called by the Central Committee of China's Communist Party").
Den proletariske verdensrevolusjon som prosess, som vi utvikler oss innenfor idenne perioden, er den hvor imperialismen og verdensreaksjonen vil bli feidvekk fra jordens overflate. Dermed har revolusjon blitt den historiske ogpolitiske hovedtendensen i dagens verden.
Alle de grunnleggende motsetningene i denne epoken skjerpes, hvorhovedmotsigelsen er den mellom undertrykte nasjoner og imperialismen. Deobjektive forholdene har aldri før vært så modne for revolusjon. Utviklingenav de subjektive kreftene går fremover, knuser den avtagende allmennekontrarevolusjonære offensiven, og knuser pessimismen og kapitulasjonismen somrevisjonismen fremmer og sprer. Forutsetningene for revolusjon er gunstigerefor hver dag som går.
Å utvikle den proletariske verdensrevolusjonen krever flere folkekriger. Deter nødvendig å konstituere eller rekonstituere kommunistiske partier, ihenhold til hvert enkelt tilfelle, i alle land, ved å anvende Lenins lære «gå til de dypeste og breieste massene» , «å utdanne dem i revolusjonærvold» i praksis, og «rydde unna den kolossale søppelhaugen» ved åuforsonlig bekjempe opportunismen og revisjonismen.
Denne internasjonale konferansen og den nye organisasjonen som er født i dennehandlingen er seire for det internasjonale proletariatet og et hardt slag motden allmenne kontrarevolusjonære offensiven til imperialismen ogverdensreaksjonen, så vel som mot all revisjonisme og opportunisme.
II. Basis for establishing a political general line for IKB 
By applying Marxism-Leninism-Maoism to the concrete practice of the revolution in each country and on the world revolution, we present the consequences of the establishment and development of a political general line for the international communist movement:
1 . New era 
With the rise of imperialism, the world was divided between a handful of oppressor derives on the one hand and a large number of oppressed nations on that second side, which matured the conditions of the world revolution.
The triumph of the great socialist October Revolution in 1917, led by the Storelenin and the Bolshevik Party, marked an extraordinary milestone history. It was the end of the bourgeois world revolution and opened the new era, where the proletariat as a class undertakes to destroy imperialism, bureaucrat capitalism and semi -Føydalism: imperialism and the era proletary world revolution. There were many revolutions before the sized October revolution, and each of them gave a new impulse to society. However, the dissent revolutions only replaced one dividend system with another.
The great socialist October revolution(SSO)Was the first revolution for establishing a society free of exploitation and oppression, a classless community. The socialist October revolution represented a radical -going point in human history. It opened a new era on the long and -light road leading to socialism and communism.
SSO promoted revolutionary violence as an indispensable weapon to reshape the whole road. Lenin said: "With the October Revolution ... achieved the revolutionary violence a brilliant success" . As we take up the Marxist principle of immersionary violence as universally valid law, we confirm ourselves again in the atemoer Mao has established that "The political power lies in the rifle" , and that "we are supporters of the omnipota of the Revolutionary War » .We, the Marxist-Leninist Maoists, have the perspective that we have to carry out wood types of revolutions to achieve our final goal, Communism: 1)Democratic revolution, the bourgeois revolution of a new type: under the leadership of the proletariat in the reclining countries, to establish the proletariates, farmers and petty bourgeoisie, and - under certain conditions - mid -citizenship, common dictatorship, all the time under the proletariatic hegemony, represented by its communist party; 2)Socialist revolution, in the imperialist countries, which establish the dictatorship of the proletariat; 3)The cultural revolutions, which are carried out to continue the revolutionary under the dictatorship of the proletariat, to suppress and eliminate any advance capitalism and to combat the experiments of capitalist restoration, even to strengthen the dictatorship of the proletariat and to promote the counter -communism.
Chairman Mao taught us it "That the old one is displaced by the new, is one, perpetual and unchanging law in the universe" . The fact that classes cannot take the power of a single attempt, in the struggle to establish the new social system, is the law of history. Nor can it be different for the proletariat. The restoration of capitalism in the Soviet Union(1956)and in China(1976)Is part of the contradiction between socialism and capitalism, the historical struggle for the new to displace the old.
Lenin warned that the dividend classes will never give up after being fought and expropriated. Their hatred and their efforts to restore capitalism will be hundreds of people after suffering defeat. Their wishes for restoration will be transformed into restoration attempts. It is therefore with a firm hand must be subordinate to the dictatorship of the proletariat, so that you are kangenarizing the conditions to end the classes forever. Lenin stated that "to liquidate capitalism and all the traces of it, and to introduce the principles of the communist order, constitutes the content of the new era of the history of the world that has now begun" .
Thus, Lenin stated that this task will take a long time, and that in order to eliminate the classes, it is not only necessary to eliminate the exchange classes, but also the differences between city and country, workers and farmers, spiritual work and hand work, and so on.#### 2 . World Revolution Process 
There are two forces that operate within the revolutionary movement of the entire world: the international communist movement and the national liberation movement, the first is the leading and the second is the basis.
The national liberation movement is the power that operates within the nation as being suppressed by imperialism and the reaction. In the 1910s, Leninsvær vied a lot of attention to the fighting in India, China, Persia, stating that the densocialist revolution will not easily and exclusively consist of the proletariat against its own citizenship, but also of all the colonies against their underprints. He said there is a fusion of forces: deninational proletarian movement, which works throughout the world, and the Denational Liberation Movement in the oppressed countries. Given that the masses in depressed countries make up the majority of the world's population, these weather will be decisive weight in the world revolution. He draws the conclusion the at revolution is shifted in the direction of the oppressed nations, without the revolution in the imperialist countries. Furthermore, he shows that the ensocialist state, as the Soviet Union was, can develop in the middle of enimperialist siege. This follows the law on the uneven development of the world revolution.
By further developing Marx, Lenin lays the foundation of the world revolution strategy to undermine imperialism, by the simplification struggle for national liberation with the international proletarian movement struggle and to develop the revolution. Although "proletares in all countries, unprotect!" is the communist match room, he states that the battle cry that should the leading struggle for the two powers should be "proletaries in all countries and the people of the world, unacculted you!" . The latter unites the proletarian movement of the construction of socialism in the imperialist countries, with the struggles of national liberation in the colonial and semi -colonial countries, and was adopted as the slogan of the Communist International.
Chairman Mao, who developed the world revolution's strategy and tactics, specified this slogan according to the relevant tasks: "Marxist-Leninists in all countries, unacconcibly!Revolutionary people all over the world, associate - crush imperialism, modern revisionism and all reactionaries of a single country!” . This is how he merges the national liberation movement with the international communist movement, and these two forces of driver world history in the future.We must develop the fight for day requirements in the service of the fight for power. The proletariat generates the trade union and the strike within the fight for day requirements, which is not only tools for a day requirement battle, but as the hardening class "for the big battles to come" . The strike is the main tool in the economic struggle and the general strike is complementary.
The proletariat generates a political apparatus: the Communist Party, which is co -opposite by and different from the other parties. It aims to Åerbre the political power, as defined by Marx. Lenin established a character that the party of a new type, in the fight against the inhibitory influence the front of ancient revisionism, which generated bourgeois Labor parties based the instructor of the instructor, the trade union agency and parliamentary cretinism, and adapts to the old order.
Chairman Mao Zedong developed the party's construction around the rifle and raised the continuous construction of the three tools: the Communist Party, the Army of a new type and the revolutionary unit front, the fellow party as the center.
The proletariat generates ideology for world revolution: Marxism-Leninism-Maoism.
Marx has formulated and laid the foundation for the dialectical materialism, and turned it on to the analysis of capital, by the capitalist society, and the law of the law for the development of history. Marx and Engels gathered what the determination has created: classic German philosophy, English political economy and French socialism, to lay the foundation for the ideology of the proletariat. Aftermarx's death, Engels has completed Marx's starts, as book two and three -water capital. It was he who systematized and defined Marxism as the Detinational Proletariat's integrated and harmonious theory. With Lenin's Words: _ "It is impossible to understand Marxism and to present it completely, without taking all the works of Engels" _. Marxism has never taken a single step in his life, without fighting against wrong ideas and attitudes. It had to confront Proudhon and anarchism, Dühring's right -wing deviations and his woven creative development, and the opportunistic views of the Social Democratic Party in Germany.After Engels' death, ancient revisionism evolved, with Bernstein and Kautsky, and Lenin fought and defeated them. In synthesis, Marxism, Isin establishes the first phase, the Marxist philosophy, ie the dialectical materialism, the Marxist political economy and the scientific socialism.
Lenin developed Marxism and lifted it to his second stage: Marxism-Leninism. He did this in a hard fight against the old revisionists. Dissened the Marxist philosophy, by saying that one should rely on nykantianism, ie idealism, and not dialectical materialism. Within the political economy, they negated growing pauperism, and they confirmed such a capitalism would satisfy the requirements of the proletariat. They denied the tablet value and imperialism. Within the scientific socialism opposite class struggle, revolutionary violence and the dictatorship of the proletariat, and instead traveled pacifism and parliamentary cretinism.
Lenin taught us that the revolutionary policy of the proletariat is materialized through its advance party. Without its own general staff, the Communist Party, the proletariat cannot fulfill its main role in the transformation. Thanks to the existence of a revolutionary party of a new type, cabinet train led by Lenin, the Russian proletariat could exploit the revolutionary situation and transform the imperialist war into a revolutionary citizen war. Chairman Mao said: "With the birth of revolutionary batches of the type of day, the world revolution's physiognomy has changed" .Comrade Stalin continued Lenin's work, and in the process of socialist construction in the Soviet Union, he fought against the right -wing estimate and treachery Trotsky, Zinovjev, Kamenev and Bukharin. Stalin developed this match for 13 years, and it is wrong to claim that he solved the problems administratively.
During the World War, the Soviet Union under Comrade Stalin's leadership, the use of the Earth, had to defend his territory. The defense of the Socialist Fatherland cost more than 25 million lives. In the midst of a complex and difficult situation, the dictatorship of the proletariat, under Comrade Staline's leadership, was consolidated, and the construction of socialism won. The five -year plans used for 25 years led to the largest transformation of production conditions and the most powerful development of the productive forces ever in history, and the largest societal bragy masses had achieved until then.
We confirm the chairman Mao's stand for comrade Stalin's role as a stormy. Furthermore, we must not forget that it was he who masterfully defined Leninism. We communists today have the task of raising the defense of his role in the Second World War, in the Communist International and Especially its 7th World Congress.
Chairman Mao Zedong develops Marxism-Leninism, lifts Marxism to the highest peak, and transforms the theory of the proletariat into Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. He completed this task in the midst of a tough and persistent struggle, where he crushed right -wing estimate lines within China's Communist Party. We highlight here the crushing of the revisionist lines of Liu Shaoqiog Deng Xiaoping. On the international level, he led the fight Motkhrushchev's modern revisionism and defeated it. He materialized Dendemocratic revolution in China, its uninterrupted transition to socialist revolution, and the great proletarian cultural revolution(Spkr).
I historisk perspektiv er SPKR det mest transcendentale ved formann Maosutvikling av marxismen-leninismen. Den er løsningen av det store uløstespørsmålet om hvordan fortsette revolusjonen under proletariatets diktatur. «Den er en ny etappe i utviklingen av den sosialistiske revolusjon i landetvårt, en etappe som griper dypere og er meget vidtrekkende» .
Under these conditions, the greatest mass mobilization on Earth was implemented, an earthquake of a political process, whose target chairman maternate as follows: "This great proletarian cultural revolution is completely necessary and highly timely, to consolidate the dictatorship of the proletarian, prevent capitalist restoration and build socialism » .
Chairman Mao confirms that lacking a correct ideological political output point is the same as lacking a soul, and that SPKR is a major revolution with the goal of changing human souls, that is, their worldview, ideology, and to pupil the proletariat and the wide masses The Ikamp for power, the defense of the dictatorship of the proletariat, the world revolution and communicism.
We communists thus have three big swords: Our founder Marx, the Storelenin and Chairman Mao Zedong. Our great task is to travel, defend and use-the-decorxism-Leninism-Maoism, and force it through as command and guidance for the world revolution.
The Proletary World Revolution's way of heroism and magnificent social transformation began in 1871 with the immortal Paris municipality, was followed by the revolution in Russia in 1905 in the midst of the first imperialist world war, and victorious in the Great Socialist October Revolution in the 1917, which opened in the world history.
Shortly thereafter, imperialism again expressed its general crisis of decay, and opened with World War II again the confrontation between the important powers to get out of the crisis and redefine a new hegemony in the world. The war transformed itself in great battles for national liberation soaked the world, And sharpened the contradiction between revolution and counter -revolution, and meant that fascism was crushed in the big victory for the Soviet Union and the red army, as well as in many democratic revolutions in Europe and Asia, which -generated an expanded socialist camp.
With the Great Chinese revolution, a new strength relationship is highlighted in strategic equilibrium in the world between the forces of capitalism and socialism. The whole period after World War II is characterized by bitter struggle mid -imperialism and socialism. The Yankee imperialists achieved hegemony in the Capitalist camp, threatening the whole world through nuclear blackmail. This was a ripple effect in the class struggle all over the world.In the face of these events, imperialism became more confident and went on the offensive in many countries, with several coups, to strengthen its dominance and walking the big wave of national liberation struggles that took place in Asia, Africaog Latin America. The CCP, with chairman Mao in the lead, along with a handful of parties, rose against the Khrushchov audit and imperialism, defense of the world revolution. This opened the largest ideological confrontation ever seen. This whole process sharpened the struggle in the communist parties worldwide.
In China, the left-hand side of the offensive, led by chairman Mao, went in defense of Marxism-Leninism and Mao Zedong's thinking. They triggered the sized proletarian cultural revolution, which immersed the socialist revolution. This synthesized the path to continue the class struggle and revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat, a very important question that was not resolved before this. This postponed the bourgeois restoration in Kinamed ten years. With Chairman Mao's death, the right-wing capitalist hikers Ideng-click was encouraged and capable of attacking. The misdemeanor of the unsurated power from the dictatorship.
Thus, the world revolution was left without a base area, and we entered the one -period of split in IKB. In the fight against modern revisionism and to the defense of Marxism-Leninism-Mao Zedong's thinking, folk wars were initiated the aged countries where the parties had become a reconstituted. The torch of the world revolution thus maintained the armed struggle, in the folk wars of India, the Philippines, Turkey and eventually in Peru. This was especially true of Iperu, under chairman Gonzalos, with the thinking of Marxalos, in which Marxism-Leninism-Maozedong's thinking was applied to the Peruvian revolution, and Maoism blanked as the new, third and higher stage of the development of Marxism.
A new counter -revolutionary general offensive with the yanks at the forefront was abandoned in the middle of the deterioration of the general crisis in imperialism. But they could achieve to sharpen all the contradictions of the system, and lead the world into the unavailing disorder and thus to advance its decay. This generated great explosiveness from the dividends and oppressed masses in the world, continuing and impulse to the ongoing folk wars, preparation for many more, as well as intensification of the bargain wars against degraded nations and a severe sharpening of the inter-imperialism contradictions.World history enters a new period of revolutions. The communists must, on this way, define the moment the proletarian world revolutionary is in. This is the key to understanding the strength conditions in the day world, that is, the situation we ourselves and the enemy are in, to the advancement of the service revolution in the world.
Chairman Mao taught us that the road is uneven and difficult, but that the outlook is Erlyse. The revolution will prevail throughout the world and communism will shine across the entire soil, rather sooner than later, depending on the actions of the communists.
3 . The international situation 
We travel Lenin's thesis that imperialism's economic conditions constitute the basis of the international situation today. Throughout the 20th century, imperialism appeared clearly. Imperialism is a new phase of relaxation, its highest and final stages, with the division of the world in underprint and oppressive countries as a special characteristic. The entire capitalist society's process has the contradiction between proletariat and citizenship as fundamental contradiction, but with the transition from non-monopolistic capitalism to monopoly capitalism, ie imperialism, three fundamental contradictions develop:
First contradiction: between suppressed nations on one side, and imperialist great powers and powers on the other. This is the main contradiction today, and it is also the main contradiction in the entire denimperialist era. The world is divided in two. On the one hand a huge majority of oppressed nations, which is colonial or semi -colonial land(of which the latter only have formal independence or independence, deer economically, political, military and culturally subordinate imperialism). Påden andre sida en håndfull imperialistiske makter, som enten er supermaktereller bare makter, men som uansett er undertrykkende nasjoner. Påimperialistmaktenes side er yankee-imperialismen den eneste hegemoniskesupermakta. Russland er fortsatt en atomsupermakt, og det er i tillegg enhåndfull annenrangs imperialistmakter.
For their part, however, the oppressed countries have the largest and poorest population. They are subordinate imperialist oppression, they live under conditions that are not in line with the level of development that humanity has reached. Delides under the deterioration of living conditions and the environment, and they are affected by the systematic silver wars to the imperialists and their local lackeys.
A bureaucratic capitalism is developed on semi -seeded and semi -colonial grounds Idisse the countries. It generates political and ideological conditions in line with the day, and it will withhold systematic national development. The dividend proletariat, farmers and petty bourgeoisie, and holds the return bourgeoisie.
Not to acknowledge the semi -fluttering character of the oppressed countries, and also does not the necessity of peasant wars as the solution ends up with the necessity of democratic revolution in these countries, the necessity of developing the war of war as a unified war, where the countryside mainly and the cities a necessary addition, To end the finish, imperialism and bureaucratic capitalism.
The crisis in the world will still be overturned to the oppressed countries. As long as they are kept down in these conditions, they will continue to be changed exceptional redistribution. The policy of imperialism is still reaction and violence against the oppressed nations, for even more national subordination or new looting and predatory wars. The plans of imperialists are to divide the countries and implement a new redistribution of the world, on the basis of the military force, and to advance in the conquest of strategic positions. Do not go peace, but to subordinate the people through capitulation and forced "compromises" and "peace agreements", where they only formalize what already ended up in the battlefield.
The oppressed countries in Asia, Africa and Latin America are, as chairman Mao Harslått, the Revolution's Storm Center and the basis for the proletarian world revolution. It is necessary to emphasize that there are suppressed countries even in Europe. Other contradiction: between proletariat and citizenship. The economic crisis i2008 began as a financial crisis in the United States, and was overturned to the masses in degraded countries and also in the imperialist countries themselves. Thus, the proletariat in the imperialist countries, which initiated hard battles, hit the benefits they had conquered throughout the 20th century. The collection takes place at the expense of the class by increasing the rehearsal.
The contradiction proletariat - citizenship is also exacerbated as a result of the waves of migration in which thousands of war refugees and poor people in general, who flee from the imperialist wars and the predatory exploitation and suppresses in the half -colonies, reinforce the ranks of the proletariates. These migration waves are a consequence of the system river, and the "humanitarian tragedy" they lead to, serve the monopolies in the dimperialist countries. They reduce production costs when the wages are linked with this workforce, which has not cost them anything.
At the same time, the imperialists even broadcast through their media, cynically the danger of "terrorism" from these immigrants. They promote chauvinistic hysteria, nourishing racism and nationalism. Imperialism uses Sinjåvinist policies to split the class between native workers and workers. They want to prevent the proletariat's United and class conscious action, and prevent it from organizing themselves as a single class, the interests of the cladding, joint ideology, common politics and a single party: the communist party.
The contradiction in the imperialist countries also runs between revolution and contrare evolution. It is not a matter of replacing one or the second -political regime, in other words: the form of the government for the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie, but to end up with the bourgeois dictatorship of the proletariat and the people through socialist revolution.
The contradiction bourgeoisie - proletariat, and all other contradictions within the dimperialist nations, are sharpened. All the various outrage performed by the imperialist states against oppressed nations and people, especially the US imperialism, is more and more back in the imperialist countries themselves. This is a hallmark of today's rotting phase. Denimperialist war comes back to necessity.In short, it is mainly that this movement against imperialist war will grow, and joined the rebellion against the exploitation and oppression of the class and it increased poverty among the masses. This happens in all the imperialists.
When we deal with the basic contradictions in the world today, it will decisively characterize the battle of the international class, ie the battle between revolution and counter -revolution, we must not believe the atmosphere proletariat - citizenship is only found in the imperialist countries. This contradiction. Available in all countries of the world.
In the oppressed countries, it is expressed in the contradiction in the intermediate proletariat and bureaucrat-comprado citizenship. In these countries, the population side has a center: the proletariat. It is the only class capable of leading the Democratic Revolution all the way, conditional on the development of Sin -Benft, the Communist Party. It must lead the war through actions, the Smi-Worker-Bonde Alliance, win the petty bourgeoisie over as an ally that is relying on, and, under given assumptions and circumstances, unites with the national citizenship(middle -bourge).
I disse landene blir motsigelsen mellom proletariatet og byråkrat-kompradorborgerskapet mer tydelig antagonistisk, jo mer herskerklasseneforsøker å restrukturere staten. Begge antagonistiske klasser blir økendepolarisert, den ene mot den andre, og proletariatet blir viktigere som deneneste ledende klassen i den demokratiske revolusjonen.
Vi understreker at det er tre grunnleggende motsetninger i den demokratiskerevolusjonen: motsigelsen nasjonen–imperialismen, motsigelsenfolket–byråkratkapitalismen, og motsigelsen massene–føydalismen. Hver og en avdisse kan bli hovedmotsigelsen, avhengig av periodene i revolusjonen. I deundertrykte landene, uttrykkes motsigelsen proletariat–borgerskap imotsigelsen folket–byråkratkapitalismen (and thus the proletariat becomes the ledring class on the People's side). Når seieren er nådd i den demokratiskerevolusjonen, som økonomisk sett innebærer konfiskasjon imperialistiskkapital, byråkratisk kapital og store godseieres føydale eiendom, somomfordeles til individuelle fattigbønder, hovedsakelig de som er uten jord,eller har lite av det, begynner umiddelbart og direkte den sosialistiskerevolusjonen å utvikle seg. Dette endrer revolusjonens karakter og dermed blirproletariat–borgerskap hovedmotsigelsen.
Third contradiction: Inter-imperialist. That's exactly how Lenin Lærteoss: Imperialism is not one, because there are different imperialist countries. With other words, there are imperialist powers and superpowers that share the world between themselves, according to their economic, political and military strengths. These are constantly changing and develop through collaboration and competition.
The United States are today the world's only hegemonic superpower. The post -resolution of social imperialist USSR in 1991 has been reduced in 1991. This also applies to their military powers, but continues to be an atomic supat power. In addition, the other imperialist powers, such as Germany, England, France, Japan, China, Austria, the Netherlands, Australia, Sweden, Canada, Italy, Spain, etc., constitute a handfuly -oppressive country. Since the 1990s, these are fighting for a new redistribution of oppressed countries that were subordinate to social imperialist USSR. Since then, events of a certain importance, whether they have been a war or not, in Eastern Europe, the former Soviet Republic in Central Asia, the so-called expansion-Persian Gulf, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, North Africa, in the Far Eastern Syria, in the Far Eastern Syria, in the Far Eastern Soviet Soviet Soviet Republic. -Korea, in Southeast Asia-Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, and in Latin America-Cuba, Nicaragua and Venezuela, all been part of the contest for a new redistribution of these countries.
Today's situation in the world is characterized by the plan of Yankee imperialism to develop aggression war with blood and fire. Their strategic main goal is to rip the tear status as nuclear sustain power away from Russia, and to keep the social imperialist choir down and with hard pressure to get them to open up their economy. Alliance Mediced Other Imperialist Powers, such as Germany, France, England, etc., are used with this purpose in mind as it suits them themselves, to undermine the order in the influence spheres that have great strategic value for Russia, and and use economic sanctions as a threat to all imperialist powers . On the side, Russia makes attempts to preserve its influencing spheres, especially Iukraine, Syria and Iran.
In the moment the imperialists, alone or in alliance, are opposed(oppressed land), express only the main contradiction, but alsoThe imperialist rivalry is absolute and the cooperation is relatively. This determines the conditional and temporary character of imperialist alliances. That is why one cannot talk about "imperialist blocks." Thus, the European Union is not a block, or a "European imperialism", but only an alliance of European countries, during German hegemony, in collaboration and competition with France, who tries to increase sine power, to rival with Yankee emperialism.
The second-ranking imperialist powers are fighting to transform themselves into new superpowers who can fight for the hegemony in the world, to take over the position of Somnyknee imperialism today, and to force through, using a new world war, a new redistribution of the world already divided, and a new world order.
Regarding The contradiction between socialism and capitalism , which consists of the proletarian world revolution's era, expresses and develops the Segi's current situation only in the ideological and historical sphere, since the present date there is no socialism anywhere, after the bourgeois restoration of China.
On the side of the reaction, this contradiction manifests itself in the denial revolutionary general offensive, which is about to be weakened, and today against the national liberation wars through the so -called "War Motterror". We fight it with the Marxist-Leninist-Maoist counter-offensive, which is mainly developed with the war. On the Revolution, the commencement of the commercialness and capitalism expressed that socialism as an idea in the struggles of the proletariat and the world's people, in the ongoing strokes and folk wars in India, Peru, Turkey and Philippines, and in the leaning propaganda and the tolly toline struggle among the Marxist-Lenn -Maoistic parties and organizations to be united in IKB on the road to Maoism and the application mainly of the war.The objective situation is developed at the world level, fundamentally as a deterioration of the general crisis of imperialism of the decay of decay, which self -reaction has to recognize. This is the immersion of its breakdown. The enormous wealth produced socially increases inconsistably for unhappy imperialists, as well as for the citizenship and landowners in depristened countries, while the crowds around the world are prevented from acquiring. All of this results in deeper crisis and shorter cycles within the general and last crisis of imperialism, which forces all imperialist states to lead predatory wars for new redistribution.
Imperialism is still alive and Yankee imperialism, as the only hegemonic superpower and counter-revolutionary world police, is the main enemy of world people. It still does as it pleases in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Denoque colonies with power. Establish military bases at all corners of the world, and forced through the war. It continues to suppress the crowds in the seated land. But the same situation is also becoming more intolerable and it is inevitable that sooner than later, more than 90% of the world population will rise to imperialism and the reactionary. All in hard struggle and uneven development, and this is already happening in the new big wave of the deproletarian world revolution.
Since the beginning of this decade, the crisis of imperialism and den bureaucratic capitalism have sharpened even more in the world. Where declared is immersed, all the contradictions are sharpened. This generates an extra revolutionary situation, which is uneven development around the world. The situation is expressed in greater activity from the masses. Their explosiveness causes reactionary and their revisionist lackeys to tremble. It is expressed everywhere as explosions of a size we have not seen before. The Den-objective situation falls quickly with the subjective factor, mainly the process of the Communist parties, such as Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties of a new type, to initiate new folk wars. Thus, one -time shift is opened, a period of revolutions as part of this new large wave of the proletarian world revolution. This situation determines the tasks, strategy and tactics of the communist parties worldwide.
4 . The international communist movement Marx said: * "The experience of the past has shown that an underestimation of the ties of the embroidery that would unite the workers in the individual countries and inspires them to stand together in all struggles for their liberation, is always punished by their incoherent attempts in common." 
Lenin established that true proletarian internationalism requires: “first, the interests of proletarian struggle in one country are subordinated to this match at the world level; Secondly, the nation that achieves victory over the bourgeoisie is able and willing to make the largest national victims to overthrow deninational capital. ” Chairman Mao raised internationalism in the Sindeest sense when he confirmed: It is " The spirit of communism " .
Thus, the history of the international communist movement is the engraving process of struggle, where the world's communists have fought and struggled to unite in service to achieve the unchanged goal: the communist society.
Three internationals are materialized in this heroic struggle:
The first international, or international labor union(IAF), Blegrånt by Marx and Engels in 1864 in a hard fight against the anarchists, the blanquists and other positions to establish that the proletariat has only one ideology - Marxism - firm and scientifically welded with the proletariat's international character and its revolutionary parties, let the ideological revolution, the ideological revolution for the ideological basis, the ideological basis for the proletery. . When the International Blein filtered and surrounded by opportunists who tried to take over it, Marxet thought was better to close IAF than to see it being liquidated by principled entity.
The other international, based on Marxism, was founded by Engels in 1889 and served to multiply the workers' socialist organizations and parties, especially in Europe and North America. After Engels' death, the leadership of the second international was attacked by the revisionism of Bernstein and Kautsky, and it degenerated into opportunism and eventually became bankrupt during the First World War, when its leaders opposed fighting against the imperialist war under the pretext of defense of the Fatherland4. They refused to transform the revolution, and voted for the war grants in parliament - they supported the Denimperialist war and bourgeoisie in their own countries - and thus became social patriotic, social wine wine, social enhancers.The third international - the communist international(KI ellerKomintern)- existed for 24 years. Seven world congresses were held during the time until it dropped itself in 1943. It had to develop in a single complex context expressed in the loss of its founder and foremost leader - the sized Lenin - in 1924, the major challenges of the build -up of the socialism Isovjetunion, the Isovjetunion, That fascism came to power in many countries in the world - especially Ieurope - and the beginning of World War II.
Its existence was heavily influenced by the intense and hard-paved struggle that developed into the Bolshevik Communist Party and lasted for 13 years. , in addition to other gangs and black lines, attempts to undermine the dictatorship of the proletariat in the Soviet Union, their experiments to rob the leadership of KI and its leading appliances, to defend through their policies towards many sections - cunning actions of action caused serious damage.
Because of this LED KI(Comintern)of deviations to the right and "left" - especially in the period between the 5th and 7th Congress - and it provided any errors and directives that have caused some damage to revolutionary parties and processes. The main thing, however, is that comrade Stalin led - by developing the two -line struggle - the left side of the communist international, prevented the revisionist coup and crushed Dentrotkist and Zinovjevist influence in its leadership. Under Comratalin's fair and correct leadership, the Comintern retained its red color, Marxism-Leninism won and revisionism could not raise its head.
The 7th Congress, celebrated in mid -1935, was particularly overrun on the circumstances of the situation and the challenges it faced. This important congress had to solve new and far -reaching problems in the midst of enormous and complex situation.Guided by the Comintern, hundreds of millions of masses traveled as a large wave of fascism, for the revolution and in defense of the Soviet Union and the dingrit of the Soviet. The Chinese revolution stood out, and the changing strength of the fight against imperialism and the reaction of the world, the raising of socialism and the proletariat and the oppressed people.
Under the leadership of the Comintern, the Communists conducted heroic armed fighting for guerrilla warfare - as in the Spanish Civil War - in dozens of land - not only in Europe, but also in Asia. In the countries where the revolution could not be able to rise, the reason was mainly that there were not sufficiently mature and prepared communist parties, based on Marxism-Leninism and the steel night's motor. Despite this, as the story shows, its struggle to the defeat of fascism contributed, and the communists have shown to the whole world the great communist bravery and heroism, which never allowed the class morality to be broken.
By using the decisions of the 7th Congress, KKP, under chairman Maos leadership, knew how to use the front policy specified the antiquities of the Chinese revolution - by applying independence and the self -government, unity and struggle, to fight Japanese fascism and the continuing frivory war for power were taken over in power. The country, to crush local rulers and their imperialist gentlemen, complete the newly democracy revolution and continue continuously to the socialist revolution. Denkreaative application of Marxism-Leninism and line established by Den7. The congress on the specific conditions in the country, and by merging this with concrete practice in the Chinese revolution, a more -friendly and complete understanding of the unity front and the war in theory and practice was developed.After conducting a heroic armed resistance against Nazi fascism, the Communist parties in some countries, such as Italy and France, moved away from the Comintern and the basic principles of Marxism-Leninism, because of the right-wing-abortion -unic views of their leadership. Leadership capitulated for their own bourgeoisie, focused on the defense of the demo-liberal regime, betrayed the revolution, and degenerated to the most rotten-audionism, modern revisionism.
At the world level, the anti -fascist front was masterfully used by camera stalin - and the center was the defense of the dictatorship of the proletariat, represented the anti -Soviet Union. Through this, the proletard dictionary opposed the fascism and the world revolution advanced. The victory in the anti-fascist war was single and heroic victory for socialism, a victory for the international proletariat and the oppressed people of the world, over the imperialism and world reaction, a victory for Marxism-Leninism over revisionism.
With the victory in the anti -fascist war, the imperialist clay and the proletarian revolution became stronger. Thanks to the brilliant role of the red army and the Resistance Wars, Revolutionary Eastern Europe and Central Europe expanded and reached parts of Germany-and thus the Bleden Socialist camp expanded. It is important to see that with the victory of the Denkinese revolution in 1949, the strength of the revolution and the contrary evolution at the international level was changed in favor of the world revolution. The world revolution advanced to the stage of strategic equilibrium - a powerful socialist camp and a powerful national liberation movement in the colonies and semi -colonies arose.
This is why we consider the 7th Congress as an important Marxist-Leninist congress, which armed the proletariat with a fair and correct policy line to combat fascism and advance the proletarian world revolution.
Although Comintern and comrade Stalin made some mistakes on the road, the declaration of the leads were the applicable parties that caused problem -made serious deviations and betrayal, and neither comrade Stalin, Soviet Union communist party(Bolsheviks)Or the commintern can be held responsible.The Comintern dissolved itself in 1943 and IKB entered a period of relative split, which was mainly generated by the divisive and treacherous actions of modern revisionism. Modern revisionism was represented by Browder, Tito, Togliatti, Thorez and mainly krushy and the notorious 20. The Congress of the SUGP where his clicks overpowering the party, the Red Army and the Socialist State - Ogdegenerated them, respectively, to an auditist and Civil state. They destroyed the dictatorship of the proletariat and undergraded the basic principles of the unity of the international communist movement.
Cominform was founded in 1947 and comrade Stalin fought the modern auditism and crushed and condemned Tito-revisionism through it. It was the war that initiated the fight against the first state in which the revisionism grip power. At the Budapest Conference, Tito-auditism was condemned and excluded, which clearly shows that it is a lie that comrade Stalin reconciled himself with the Den-Acoverist line for national reconstruction and other revisionist lines that appeared after World War II. Cominform - under leadership, Stalin - initiated the fight against modern revisionism as chairman Maoskulle completed several years later.
The task of uniting the communists in the world - after World War II and mate Stalin's death - is done in a hard fight against modern revisionism, where the chairman Mao is raised as the emerging statement for the World Revolution.
In 1957 and 1960, two international conferences took place for communist parties and Labor Parties in Moscow. The statements from the dissection conferences correspond to the development of the Toline Fight in IKB at that time, and resulted in compromises that intended to postpone the delay and to provide time for the true supporters of Stalin in the sight to lead to lead the toline struggle internally. Considering that the weight of the Sukp was very sized and its internal situation very difficult, this expresses left -wing correlated handling under the leadership of chairman Mao at the head of the CCP, at the Åansuating principle of fighting with reason, advantage and not to stretch.On June 14, 1963, "A proposal to the Generaline for Deninational Communist Tores" , also known as "The Chinese letter" , followed by "The 9 Comments" , where chairman Mao and KKP Brilliant and crushed modern revisionism in all its aspects.
Only with the deep demarcation created by The Great Polemics - Leaded Deputy Mao and the Chinese Communist Party - the international communist movement became able to lift the process of reunion for the Trainer's Company to Chairman Mao and his contribution to the proletarian world revolution.
Chairman Mao developed this match together with the fight against the Deny Roporo Line line in the CCP - which had robbed important appliances and the state.
Chairman Mao and the CKP believed that-under the prevailing circumstances-it was not in place to form a new communist international, because the ideological and political basis-which must then be Marxism-Leninism-Mao Zedong thinking-had not been defined. Especially the work of the work in Albania-Leading Enver Hoxha-did not recognize Mao Zedong's thinking, and wanted en-international exclusively based on Marxism-Leninism, without taking into account the new development, because Hoxha was mainly opposed to Mao Zedong Thinking.
With the great proletarian cultural revolution in China, the influence of the chairman is increasingly developing more and more throughout the world. The CCP concentrates on highly pressing problems, such as regaining power in the People's Republic of China from Liushaoqi and Deng Xiaoping's revisionist bargain, and how the continuing revolution under the dictatorship of the proletariat. This is how chairman Mao - in the midst of densational and international class struggle against revisionism - is made to the leadership of the proletariat and the head of the world revolution, and his thinking is developed to the third stage of Marxism - even though the struggle for its definition and recognition would only take place later. It has been stripped of this goal for four decades, and the United Maoist international conference is a step of great importance.Chairman Mao dies in September 1976 and the Chinese revisionists conducted counter -revolutionary coup that attacked the chairman Mao and his thinking. Thus, very serious and complex problems for the Marxists' unity. Co -chairman Mao's death and the revisionist acquisition in China of Deng and Hans Automers, we were the world's communists split up, without a center or single -base for the world revolution. The counter-revolution has shown its claws for spirits chairman Mao and the validity of Marxism-Leninism-Mao Zedong Thinking, and it triggered the revisionist triple attack from Dengxiaoping(Chinese revisionism), Hoxha(Albanian revisionism)and Breshnev(Russian revisionism).
Det kontrarevolusjonære kuppet i Kina i 1976 åpnet en ny periode med dypsplittelse i IKB, der en allmenn kontrarevolusjonær offensiv ble initiert avyankee-imperialismen, som sentralt og hovedsakelig konsentrerte angrepet om åfrarøve revolusjonen dens sjel – ideologien, marxismen-leninismen-maoismen.
Høsten 1980 undertegnet tretten kommunistiske partier og organisasjonererklæringen «Til marxist-leninister, arbeidere og undertrykte i alleland», et kall til kommunistene for å forene seg rundt marxismen-leninismenog løfte formann Mao, men uten å anerkjenne det nye stadiet, og dermed detsallmenngyldighet – noe som hovedsakelig skyldtes Revolutionary CommunistParty, USA.
Deres andre konferanse ble holdt i 1984, og denne vedtok grunnleggelsen av Denrevolusjonære internasjonalistiske bevegelsen (RIM). I sin grunnleggendeerklæring ble det stadfestet at den ble veiledet av marxismen-leninismen-MaoZedongs tenkning.
RIM betydde et skritt fremover på veien for gjenforening, og dette er årsakentil at det er nødvendig å gjøre en korrekt og rettferdig evaluering av denneerfaringen. For denne er det nødvendig å analysere prosessen med tolinjekampeni RIM og den rollen som hvert parti spilte.
As a result of PKP's efforts in rhyme, this went so far as to recognize Maoism's as a new stage of Marxism in 1993.
RIM existed for more than 20 years-from the founding in 1984 to the liquidation I2006, as a result of Prachanda's treason against the Nepal war war and RCP USA Association to submit to this organism under Avakian's revisionist "new synthesis". The formal resolution took place in 2012. Its existence reflective stoline struggle in the international communist movement. RIM served the Denproletarian world revolution and task of fighting for reunion the officers, and the left side was, through a hard fight, able to continue the match within it, to force through Maoism as the only command and guidance for the world revolution.
With the arrest of chairman Gonzalo in 1992 and shortly afterwards the battles that were inflicted on the People War in Peru-which inhibited the left-wing initiatives within IKB-converted the RCP USA with the right-wing orientist line, revisionist and capitulation and capitulation(ROLE). De utnyttet den komplekse situasjonen til å angripevenstresida og å avansere sin nedrige hegemonisme – først ved å sprerevisjonismen, den såkalte «nye syntesen» mot marxismen-leninismen-maoismen, ien fordekt form, for deretter å gjøre det åpent.
Samholdet i RIM gikk i oppløsning. Dette ble forverret da RCP-USA – medAvakian i spissen – begynte å negere RIM-erklæringen: For a Century ofPeople’s Wars (2000), despite the fact that they had previously sanctioned and taken positions for it. They fell on the path of revisionism and intensified their attacks against Maoism. In the following years, Avakian and Prachanda - Torevisionist chieftains fought - about the hegemony, and this struggle struggled in rhyme but throughout IKB. The lack of ideological, political and organizational intercourse in rhyme increased even more. Finally, the auditors, based on the Isin Committee, got RIM to explode. Rim stopped playing a positive role and -generated, and ended up in bank roots and liquidation.This is why it is necessary to immerse the ideological and political struggle on the basis of the righteous and correct understanding of the historical experience of the proletarian revolution and the proletariat's dictatorship as a whole. An assessment that especially synthesizes the experience of the third stage of Marxism, Maoism.
The struggle to force through Marxism-Leninism-Maoism as a command and guidance for the world revolution is hard, long and complex. Marxism Haraldri advanced without hard struggle, but in the end, Maoism leads the new big wave of the proletarian world revolution, which has already begun, and treads an impulse to sweep imperialism and the reaction away from the earth's surface through the crowd, to carry out democratic revolutions, socialist revolutions and proletaries Cultural revolution - all in the Holdtil situation - and switch to the shiny and golden communism.
It is particularly necessary to continue to immerse the fight against new revisionism in IDUAL EXPRESSIONS because- even if they were revealed and crushed in IKB- they practice continued influence through the right and "left" Opportunist standpoints, centricist standpoints, liquidationist standpoint IKB as a whole because they are the main threat to IKB.
The celebration of this first international conference and the foundation of the new international organization is of historical and transcendental significance, the union of the international proletariat and a hard blow to the general contrary revolutionary offensive to imperialism and world reaction, so welcome against revisionism and all opportunism. This is a big step for the yards and to overcome the split in IKB. A new phase of the organized struggle to direct the communist international under Maoism Command and Guidance has been opened, a new phase signed with the development of Avnye People's Warriors who will join those who are already ongoing.
5 . Proletariat principles new organization 
The contradiction - the only constitution in the infinite transformation of eternal matter.
The masses create the story and it is right to rebel.
Class struggle, dictatorship of the proletariat and proletarian internationalism.
To apply Marxism-Leninism-Maoism's universal truth to the specific conditions and to integrate it into the practice of the revolution into each country.* To irreconade fight imperialism, revisionism and reaction.
The two -line struggle as a driving force for the development of the party.
Practice Marxism, not revisionism. Work for unit, against split. Shop in an honest and reverent way, do not engage in intrigues and composits.
Continuous ideological development and always put the policy in command.
To serve the people and the proletarian world revolution.
Absolute selflessness and a fair and correct work style.
Walk towards the power.
Very distinctive, we confirm ourselves in the undeniable Marxist truth that was presented by Chairman Mao: "According to the Marxist State theories, the army the most important component of the state power. Anyone who wants to seize and maintain state power must have a strong army. Some people make fun of us perpetrator we believe in "the omnipotence of the war". Yes, we are advocates of the omnipotent of the Revolutionary War. It's not a bad thing, it's a good thing, it's ice -cream with Marxism. The rifles of the Russian Communist Party created socialism. We will create a democratic republic. The experiences of the class struggles of the imperialism epoch teach us that it is only with the help of the rifle that the worker class and the working masses can defeat the armed bourgeoisie and the armed landowner class. In this sense, we can say that only woodworking can be transformed throughout the world. "
6 . Solemn decision 
The Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations participated in the United Maoist international conference.(Fmik), which follows the road to the third international, founded by the Great Lenin, and the best traditions in the international communist movement(I B), declaringly declaring the international proletariat and the world's people, that the Historical and Transcendental decision is made to bring life to the new international Maoist organization, founded under three major and honor -red tabs: Maoism, the fight against revisionism and the proletarian world revolution.
With deep communist convictions, we confirm parties and organizations that are reunited here, again and with solemn determination, that we will fulfill the decisions of the United Maoist International Conference, and defend and apply the almighty ideology of the International Proletariat, the Marxism-Leninism-Maoismen.The first united Maoist international conference of Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations has a historically transcendental and deep strategic content, and its brilliant task corresponds to the new big wave of the proletarian world revolution.
With burning enthusiasm and overwhelming class optimism and deeply moved, we travel the red slogan:
The first United Maoist international conference is a basis for the summer inexorably to reunite the communists of IKB, a war machine, a single machine for struggle, which travels Marxism-Leninism's never fading tabs and the invincible folk war! **
Committees for the foundation of that(Maoist)Austria's Communist Party(KG)(m)KPÖ)[Austria] 
Brazil's Communist Party(P.C.B.)[Brazil] 
Red fraction of Chile's Communist Party(FRPCCh)[Chile] 
Colombia's communist party(Red faction) (PCC)(FR))[Colombia] 
Proletarian power-M-L-M-PARTIORGANISSOJON COLOMBIA(Pp-on-mlm)[Colombia] 
Ecuador's Communist Party - Red Sol(PCE-SR)[ECUADOR] 
Maoist Committee Finland(MKS)[Finland] 
Maoist Communist Party(PCM)[France] 
Committee Red Tab(KrF)[Germany] 
The Committee of the Reconial Statuation of Mexico's Communist Party(CR-PCM)[Mexico] 
Earn People - Communist Federation, Norway [Norway] 
Perus Communist Party [Peru] 
Maoist Communist Party(PCM)[Spain] 
Communist Federation, Sweden [Sweden] 
Turkey's Communist Party/Marxist-Leninists(TKP/ML)[Turkey] 

Supplement to Norwegian translation 
The translation of the statement into Norwegian was completed in March 2023 by published tab. We have added some comments and explanations of words, as well as an overview of works in Norwegian used for quotes in the translation.
General means general, opposite of special. Common, applies to all, universal(general).
Anførerskap er ordet vi har brukt til å oversette «GreatLeadership»/«Jefatura», i stedet for «stor ledelse» eller «stort lederskap»eller «førerskap». Anførerskap er i tråd med tidligere oversettelser til norskav dokumentene til Perus Kommunistiske Parti, for eksempel i boka Grunnlagetfor partiets enhet , oversatt og utgitt av Forlaget Røde Fane.
Avakian , Bob. Den revisjonistiske lederen for Revolutionary CommunistParty i USA.
Banker root is the same as bankrupt, bankrupt or being ruined.
Demaring line is a boundary line or dividing line between two parties in disputed area that none of them must exceed, often used militarily.
Deng Xiaoping. The archevisionist leader of the counter -revolutionary coup in China in 1976, with the subsequent capitalist restoration.
Students means raising, promising or raising a higher intellectuals spiritual level.
"Peaceful cutting" is the word we have used to translate "peacefulemulation"/"emulación pacífica". In Spanish, this word is used in the translation of the Chinese contributions to the great polemics, while in English the "Peaceful Competition" and in the Norwegian "peaceful cutter" are used. On the other hand, "Emulation"/"Emulación" means imitating, emulating.
Physiognomy means appearance, faces, face, figure, shape, expression.
Generate means producing, creating, producing.
Idealism is one of the two main directions of philosophy, in contradictory materialism, which is characterized by seeing the Spirit, not the matter, as a basis.
IKB is an abbreviation for the international communist movement.
The "committee" mentioned in connection with RIM is Corim, the leadership committee forrim.
CCP is an abbreviation for China's Communist Party.
Complementary means complementary or complementary, supports underneath, complement.
Concept means the collection of ideas or a plan that forms the basis for the presidency of a product, event or business. We have translated "conjsption" either into a "concept", or to the worldview, depending on the context.
Construction means building, building, creating, shaping.
Converters means to coincide, from the math: two lines that meet.
Cretinism is a term for congenital hypothyroidism that involves severe growth and mental retardation.
Negroors means denying, denying or rejecting.
Nykantianism was a resuscitation of the philosopher Immanuel Kant's ideas in new form.
Pauperism is poverty as social emergency or mass poverty, against the individual's poverty.
pseudote theory : pseudo- is a preach that means false, false, somehow-. Restoration means reintroduction or re -establishment of the old power. The concept is used in bourgeois history writing especially on the reintroduction of the dismissal in England in 1660 and on the restoration of the old regimes of Ieurope in 1815, following the Napoleonic wars.
Hol in Peru stands for "The Right Opportunist line". Shortened ROL People's and solder in Spanish. Also called "the other right -wing portunist line", and often with "revisionist and capitulation" as an addition, for the owe it correctly. The first right-wing portunist line turned out to the party in 1979. The second right-wing estimate line originated in the party and the lead in the 1990s. It was organized in the prisons the Peruvian attainment service, under the guidance of the CIA, using the traitors in the party management. It proves publicly in Peru, among other things, under the name "Movadef", and also abuses the name of the party.
Sections are used in connection with the Comintern of the parties in the individual countries that were members, sections, of the Communist International.
SPKR is an abbreviation for the great proletarian cultural revolution.
SSO is an abbreviation for the great socialist October revolution.
SUGP is an abbreviation for the Soviet Union Communist Party.
Successful means replacement, follows one another, little by or iracit.
Synthesis means the summary or connection of details to the sect, to solve a contradiction, to understand at a higher level.
SPELLEN means special, characteristic, unique. Deputy: What is special.
Transcendental means to exceed, transcendently, to exceed.
USSR stands for the "Union of Socialist Soviet Republics", the official name of the Soviet Union.
UNURPERS means robbing power, bargain, takeover of power, tron robbery.
Several quotes we have translated ourselves during the translation of the statement, but when we have found the quotes in Norwegian we have used them as they are in the following works:
China's Communist Party(1977). Den store polemikken 1. band . Oslo:Forlaget Oktober.
Mao Zedong (1969). Sitater fra formann Mao Tse-Tung . Peking: Forlaget forfremmede språk.
Mao Zedong (1978). Tale på en utvida arbeidskonferanse sammenkalt avsentralkomiteen i Kinas Kommunistiske Parti. 30. januar 1962 . Oslo: ForlagetOktober.
Mao Zedong (1978). Verker i utvalg av Mao Tsetung. Bind 1. Oslo: ForlagetOktober.
Peru's Communist Party(2019). Grunnlaget for partiets enhet . ForlagetRøde Fane.
Sjao Tieh-tsjen (1963). Om revolusjonær dialektikk og hvordan imperialismenmå vurderes . Oslo: Kultur- og opplysningsavdelingen ved FolkerepublikkenKinas Ambassade i Norge.
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/07/internasjonalt-kommunistisk-forbunds-erklaering-pa-norsk/ 
Freedom for Zé Rainha and Luciano de Lima!Fighting is not a crime!Below the repression of the struggle for the land! 
Author: Aliança Operário-Camponesa
Time: 2023-03-06T97:00:00-04:00
Categories: ['Aliança Operário-Camponesa', 'Crimes contra o povo', 'Denúncia', 'Luta pela terra']
Images: [' Zé-Rainha.jpeg ', ' Zé-Rainha-300x201.jpeg ', ' Luciano-de-Lima-FNL-300x221.jpeg ']
 In a new attack on those fighting for the people's right to have a Deterra piece, the São Paulo Civil Police arrested the leaders of the National Front Lay and City(FNL)Zé Rainha and Luciano de Lima, a policy arrest with retaliation after the day of large estate occupations, with mobilization of peasants in February promoted by the FNL known as “Red Carnival”.
The two peasant leaders are victims of the old litifundal aservice state to hide that the arrests are retaliation to growing masses to take land. Zé Queen is acknowledged Daluta leadership by the land of the Pontal do Paranapanema region, broke with the MST Imoblylismo and created the FNL to go on the way to dirt.
Criminalization of the struggle for land 
These arrests are not isolated cases. More and more organized masses or spontaneous deformation mobilize in dirt outlets as the only way out for the ability to crisis in the country. And the answer of the old state as the incumbent of the landlord to ensure its ruling class condition is implementation the leaders of the struggle, violent repression and terrorism on peasant masses.
Thus it has been with the case of fellow Luzivaldo, activist of the poor Dospempion League of the Minas Gerais Triangle region who is unjustly arrested and in a severe state of health, with the only proof of alleged crimes committed to being an account of a police officer who heard ” that he was the person responsible for a certain crime. Such were the murders in the area Tiagocampim dos Santos in Rondônia promoted by the PM in January this year, in questing the peasants Rodrigo Hawerroth and Raniel Barbosalaurindo and soon murdered them, deaths that add to that of the companions of Amaraldo, Amaral and Kevin in August 2021 and the LCP activist Gedeon Eraelel in October 2021.
They think that with this they will stop the struggle for the land. They go thought!As long as the large estate and semi -feudality wound in Brazil will remain pending the agrarian revolution that will sweep it. And the more crimes they commit against Opovo, with more class hatred the pasta will rise to take all asterras and destroy the landlord! Immediate freedom for Zé Queen and Luciano de Lima! 
Below the old state attacks at the service of the landlord to the fighters of the Popovo! 
Conquer the earth, destroy the landlord! 
Live the agrarian revolution! 
 Zé Queen LUCIANO DE LIMA
News Source: http://ligaoperaria1.hospedagemdesites.ws/2023/03/06/liberdade-para-ze-rainha-e-luciano-de-lima-lutar-nao-e-crime-abaixo-a-repressao-a-luta-pela-terra/ 
Weekly editorial - boost and support the popular protest! 
Author: Uncategorized
Time: 2023-03-06T99:00:00-04:00
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
Images: [' EditorialSemanal070322-1-678x381.jpg ']
 Repercussed from The new democracy 
The new wave of land sockets in the countryside, as well as strikes and manifestations in cities, shakes and worries the reaction. In the interior of Bahia, the number of land taken in land sockets or by maintaining its possession of the Daterra exceeds 9.5 thousand(and 15 thousand across the country), in the Jequiriçá Valley, Santa Cruz de Cabrália, Sento Sé, Correntina, among others. Those taken by the National Fighting Front(FNL)In SP, PR, MS and AL added other 1,400 peasant families mobilized. In RO, to placate the Terra Fighting, the state government resorts to state terrorism, ends the slaughter preceded by macabre torture of two Dalcp peasants, in Nova Mutum-Paraná, last month(By the way, a slaughter that did not see the attention of the “priests of democracy,” inside and outside the current government; In the case of press monopolies, not even any mention made to the Fact, except Globo, whose G1 of Rondônia reported police officely the occasted stating that “this time, the police won from the bad guys”). Já nointerior de SP, a polícia prendeu as lideranças camponesas José Rainha eLuciano de Lima, numa raivosa investida vingativa contra as tomadas de terrasno Pontal do Paranapanema. Mas não adianta, senhores, podem ladrar: a lutacamponesa é imparável.
Em todo o País os professores, das redes municipais e estaduais, levantam-seem protestos e paralisações por impor seu piso salarial nacional; fazem igualos enfermeiros e técnicos de enfermagem, cujo piso salarial está barrado peloSTF há quase seis meses. Em Belo Horizonte, em fevereiro, 100% dosmetroviários paralisaram suas atividades contra privatizações e demissões,antecedidos por uma greve dos rodoviários, exigindo reajustes e diminuição dajornada de trabalho.
São fatos distintivos que têm dois aspectos: primeiro, do acúmulo de materialinflamável no tecido social; a crise geral do capitalismo burocrático, emrecessão e estagnação desde 2015, agravada pela pandemia, lança às piorescondições de sobrevivência as massas. O País é, hoje, um barril de pólvora elenha seca.
A large pasta lift is gestating. These two poles will sepronate violently. In a few months, Luiz Inacio, who pretends to be mitigated between them, will be presented to his biggest nightmare!
It is a key question for the popular struggle, now, deepening without ceasing the reeindicative struggles linking them with the conscience that it is necessary to go to a new society for a new society; Raise the popular protest for the government of opportunism and traditional right coalition and the revolutionary energy of popular masses. This is the task.
News Source: http://ligaoperaria1.hospedagemdesites.ws/2023/03/06/editorial-semanal-impulsionar-e-apoiar-o-protesto-popular/ 
Suka Figueiredo in the instrumental Sesc Brasil - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: Tuesday, 03/07, at 19h, the saxophonist and songwriter Suka Figueiredo performs a show within the programming of the Sesc Sesc Brazil Instrumental Project
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T00:05:00-03:00
Modified Time: None
Updated Time: None
Images: [' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ']
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Afrolatina', 'Agenda Cultural', 'Diogo Ville', 'flauta', 'guitarra', 'Instrumental Sesc Brasil', 'primeiro álbum', 'Sesc Consoloção', 'Suka Figueiredo', 'Teatro Anchieta', 'teclado', 'trompete', 'Youtube']
Type: article
 Tuesday, 03/07, at 19h, the saxophonist and songwriter Suka Figueiredo performs a show within the programming of the project Instrumental Sesc Brasil , from Sesc São Paulo . Participations of Rafael Acerbi (guitar), Diogo Ville (keyboard), Marina Bastos (flute), Sidmar Vieira (Trumpet), Felipe Puzzutuello (low), Ananias Alana (battery)e Valentina Facury (percussions). O evento acontece presencialmente, noTeatro Anchieta, Sesc Consolação, e online através do canal Instrumental SescBrasil no YouTube. "Suka Figueiredo apresenta Afrolatina, seu primeiro álbum,lançado em julho de 2022, que representa a conquista de uma mulher negradentro da música instrumental brasileira, marcando a história e servindo dereferência para as jovens instrumentistas que estão surgindo", divulga o SescSP.
Abaixo: O show online
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/suka-figueiredo-no-instrumental-sesc-brasil/ 
Ikf: Against Imperialist Aggression, raise the People's War tab high! 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T04:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-06T11:25:07+00:00
Description: We bring an unofficial Danish translation of an opinion from the International Communist Association. Proletarians in all countries, unite!Against imperialist aggression, raise the folk's tab high!P…
Images: [' ikf.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We bring an unofficial Danish translation of an opinion from the International Communist Association.
 Proletars in all countries, unite! 
Against Imperialist Aggression, raise the Folk's tab high! 
Per. This February 24, the Russian Aggression War against Ukraine has lasted in one year. This unjust war has created hundreds of thousands of dead and wounded and millions of refugees. Through the heroic defense of their homeland of Detucrainian people, despite their national traitor regime led by Yankee-Lakajenzelenskyj, the Russian aggressor has not been able to complete his war targets.
The coincidence of a number of contradictions and interests currently in Ukraine has caused great confusion among some communist and generally anti -imperialist forces, and some even seem to believe that we are standing on the rim of a new world war. Therefore, it is necessary to establish a clarification on behalf of the International Communist Association.
The main courage is the one between Ukraine, a country suppressed by imperialism, and Russia, an imperialist country. Regardless of the class character of the Ukrainian regime and its service by other imperialist powers, mainly Yankee imperialism, any doubt on this point will lead to denying Ukrainian law to independence and national sovereignty, and therefore, at least indirectly, to support the interests of Russian imperialism.It is contingent on these external contradictions that the Ukrainian Nation's inbods unfold. The Zelenskyj regime is in acute contradiction to the overwhelming majority of the interests of the Ukrainian people, with his or her eligible patriotic feelings dealing with absolute centralism, and there is a democratic rights for the people. The right to speak, gather and organize suppressed by a draconian and chauvinist oppression, and the regime relies on open fascist military formations to crush any expression of popular dissatisfaction. It sabotages people-dependent armed resistance by relying on the weapons that it eagerly gets off Yankee-led NATO, and fears the armed people who are the only one who is defending the nation. At the same time, it sells out every centimeter of the country and enriches itself and its buddies, while the population bears war burden. It is truly a regime of national traitors, the mercperialism of the Yankee imperialism. The only way ahead of Ukraine's people is to chair their own powers and defend the nation against the foreign invades and partners who sell the country. In this context, the key factor proletariat's leadership, as the center of the People's Pole, is through its voice, the communist party led by Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Only the aftermath of the Communist Party can the People's Resistance War be transformed into a cage People's War, whereby the attacker, all the imperialists and their puppet can be expelled from Ukrainian soil. Today, there is no such communist party, but there are communists under education, revolutionary and consistent-german imperialists, which must be supported by the world's communists so that they can progress in understanding the only ideology of international proletariat, Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Without ideology, there is no communist party. Without the Communist Party, there can be no democracy to be followed, no national liberation and no revolution. The most advanced revolutionary forces must be supported ideologically, politically, morally and materially, so that during the great trials they face, they can make progress in the fight for the reconstitution of the Communist Party, it is the most important task.As President Mao taught us, we do not fear communists, we fear nuclear war, we fear nuclear war, we are against it and will do everything possible to prevent it from developing the revolution, fighting against the reactionary war with People's War. When imperialist aggression and imperialists' warmaker, Vialrig must forget this. Imperialist aggression must be defeated with folk war.
Russian imperialists out of Ukraine!
Live the battle of the Ukrainian people!
Down with Yankee imperialism and all its Covers!
Forward in the struggle for the reconst that communist parties in Ukraine, Russia, rog the whole world!
International Communist Association
8 . February 2023
Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/07/ikf-imod-imperialistisk-aggression-haev-folkekrigens-fane-hojt/ 
Let's recover the revolutionary and proletarian character of March 8! 
Author: Revolución Obrera
Time: 2023-03-07T07:00:00-05:00
Images: [' cropped-La-hoz-y-el-martillo-e1625934934662.jpg ']
Tags: ['8 de marzo 2023', 'Clara Zetkin', 'día internacional de la mujer', 'Emancipación de la Mujer', 'feminismo']
Categories: ['Emancipación de la mujer']
 Lenin says somewhere that, to the revolutionary leaders after a sum, the oppressive classes try to make them "harmless icons", castrating their revolutionary content. But he lacked add that he not only takes with the leaders of the working class, but also with their dates and milestones. The above is manifested in relation to May 1 and the March 8, dates established by the revolutionary proletariat to go out to the streets of all the countries of the world, as a single army and journal their ranks.
The first attempt to start the revolutionary content of March 8 for the part of the bourgeoisie was its institutionalization in 1977 for that organizational bandids called the United Nations Organization(Him). Hoy ante unMovimiento Comunista Internacional en crisis, el 8 de Marzo es un día al cualse le ha despojado de su carácter proletario y socialista para entregárselo alfeminismo burgués y pequeño burgués. “Un día de lucha feminista y separatista”en donde las banderas rojas, La Internacional y la lucha de clases deben serexcluidas por ser “cosas de hombres”, y donde las prestigiosas lideressocialistas como Rosa Luxemburg, Clara Zetkin o Alexandra Kollontai sonhomenajeadas como “feministas”, a pesar que lucharon contra el feminismo de sutiempo.
In the past there have been similar cases by organizations and community parties to recover the field lost in some lands. THE OTROMARXISTA Revolutionary Communist Party of the United States(PCR, USA), he promoted in 1979-80 a campaign to recover on May 1 as a day of the revolutionary and internationalist, where Red Banderas were waved again and that the international were intoned by imposing by the national flags and hymns. Since 1998, in the Communist Workers Union(mlm)We have been promoting that the celebration of May 1 in Colombiaea a day of revolutionary struggle and not a date of comparsas, parranda and classes of classes. In the same way it is necessary to recover the land filed in the Front of Women. Let's recover the revolutionary and private character of March 8!
Its recovery is to fight an ideological struggle in all lands and in various ways against the theoretical formulations and political positions of bourgeois and small bourgeois feminism, and against opportunism in all itsvaries that misrepresents the positions of Marxism in relation to the question of the woman. In practical terms, the communists together with the organizations of the fighting class must consciously organize the manifestations for March 8 and promote a female movement that raises the struggle for the emancipation of women as part of the struggle for the overthrow of capitalism-imperialism.
From the Communist Workers Union(mlm), Following the best revolutionary traditions of the international communist movement, we have been working for sense and we call all the comrades and companions to organize the commendation of women who will be the organizational basis of this female movement, expression of the proletariat in the Front of Women. Red Labandera must be up high this March 8. That the working class and the masses of the exploited people know this truth:
 
León Vocero de la Unión Obrera Comunista (mlm)March 2023 
News Source: https://www.revolucionobrera.com/mujer/8-de-marzo-7/ 
Maria Alice Barroso: A militant of the penalty and talent - the new democracy 
Author: Frank Calafate
Description: Maria Alice Barroso was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1926. However, he always made a point of putting in all his biographies launched in Brazil and in
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T09:15:00-03:00
Modified Time: None
Updated Time: None
Images: [' 11088530_679763748815995_458808307412561364_n-2.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ']
Section: Nova Cultura
Tags: ['literatura popular']
Type: article
 The writer Maria Alice Barroso. Photo: Reproduction
Maria Alice Barroso was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1926. However, he always made a point of putting in all his biographies launched in Brazil outside that was born in the small Miracema, northwestern region. She did, with this, the reverse path of many who are born inside and forget about the Torrão to achieve some visibility [1]. She was the director of the Nachine Institute of the Book, the National Library and the National Archive.
In 1967 he published the novel - a name to kill_, inaugurating the Pentalogy Dociclo Parada de Deus, a work that earned him the Walmap Award of that year after the assessment of a Judging Board composed by Guimarães Rosa, Jorge Amado Eantonio Olinto. In 1989 he won the Jabuti Award with the fourth work set by God, entitled The Saga of the Indomado Horse . Nélida Piñon, First Women to preside over the Brazilian Academy of Letters(ABL)and personal friend Demaria Alice Barroso, compared the creation of the fascinating village of Parada Dide to that of Macondo by Gabriel Garcia Márquez. She also said that Brazil owed Maria Alice Barroso the recognition for building a fictional world with narrative vigor and wisdom and the need to recover and spread herobra [1].

_ the squatters_: The Fight for Land in BrazilThe book tells the trajectory of Zé Severino who fleeing the drought that afflicted Abahia migrated to Minas Gerais in search of better living conditions for his family. After several unsuccessful attempts to get some work, sext and without food, he arrives at the Serra Alta Valley and lifts on a devolutary Empprodative land a shack, starting the crop. Other people were coming together joining Zé Severino. With a lot of work and patience of the peasants, that devastated land is rising sending the hunger that one day he once bound. One day a foreign rich man arrives in the city friend of the governor setting the owner of the valley. With the help of the mayor, the delegate and the priest outlined the plane to expel Zé Severino and the others from the earth. But the peasants deed to resist and fight for their piece of floor. 

Antonio: arms and aim without receiving penny 
One of the main characters of _ the squatters_ is Antonio dos Santos, young woman arrived in the valley coming from Belo Horizonte that offers arms and aims to help the peasants in the struggle for the land. One of Zé Severino's sons, suspicious of the story told by Antonio asks bluntly what Afinalele was doing there. The outsider replies: “If I told you, Zequinha, that there are men, many men concerned about your luck, men docampo, would you believe me?(…)If I told you that there are men who will be prison, who catch the police just because they want to give you a more feelable life, distributing the earth equal to all peasants, would you believe?(…)These men are scattered around the world. From Achina so far, in Brazil, you can count on them, as they are always wrapped in the poor, the oppressed and the wronged.(…)I am one of those Homens. And that's why I'm here to fight you. Do I need to explain more any things? ” [3]
After winning the friendship and confidence of Zé Severino, Antonio is presented in the other peasants as a member of a party fighting against colonels, the police and the government. Knowing this, the squatters with a laugh satisfaction found that Antonio was one of them and their presence brought a sense of peace and security to all.

the current _os squatters_Written almost 70 years ago, the work is still current, constituting a portrait of the Brazilian field marked by the violence of the landlords and stately against poor landless peasants with little land. The struggle of the Serra Alta Valley is the same as carried out by other peasantsbrasil as in Canudos, Contestado, Trombas and Formoso, Pau D'Arco, Portovelho, Marabá, Corumbiara, Anapu, North of Minas, Abunã and Araguaia. 
Northwest Fluminense so well portrayed by Maria Alice Barroso in the Dociclo Parada de Deus works continues under the yoke of landowners. Local policy is based on coronelismo, clientelism and mandonism. But sooner than the popular masses will mobilize and organize and on that day all crimes committed by the colonels against the people over the years and years of exploration, subjugation and humiliation will be charged as if they have been overwhelmed the day before.
To paraphrase Maria Alice Barroso, after a first cry of Dos Camponees and workers against the dominance of the colonels and the rich other ones will resonate through the field, making light where there were once darkness.
Maria Alice Barroso died on October 12, 2012 in the city of Judge Defora, Minas Gerais.

Frank Calafate is the son of peasants. He believes that education, science andartes are weapons whose effect depends on who wields them and who is affected by them. Thus, teachers, scientists and artists are combined soldiers for advanced fire lines.

Bibliographic references 
[1] SCHMIDT, A.L.L.C.; MELLO, A .; FINAMORE, L. B .; LANES, L .; SOARES, T. .Maria Alice Barroso, a name to remember: the regional identity of an autoranational. 1. ed. Rio de Janeiro: Autography, 2019. v. 500. 210p.
[2] Soares, T. A. S., Schmidt, A. L. L. C., the squatters: a literature on social dengoration in the 1950s of the twentieth century. In: Maria Alice Barroso, a name to remember: the regional identity of a national author. 1. ed. Rio de Janeiro: Autography, 2019. v. 500. 210p.
[3] BARROSO, M. A. The squatters. 2nd ed. Rev. Rio de Janeiro: Record, 1986.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/maria-alice-barroso-uma-militante-da-pena-e-do-talento/ 
PC 7 March: March 8: girls, women who continue to fight in Iran!We make their courageous cry against the Iranian regime and against the imperialists to its support in all mobilizations of 8 March 
Author: fannyhill
Description: From the female blogismoVolzione from the intervention of an Iranian woman to the women/workers' assembly of February 23 hello to all, they are m ...
Time: 2023-03-07T10:38:00+01:00
Images: []
dal Blog FemminismoMorivolutational 
From the intervention of an Iranian woman to the women's/female workers' assembly **
Hi everyone, I'm very happy to be with you. I wanted to greet you. Ilnostro first goal is to be the voice of our people. We nail down to remove all the affairs that all governments of the world colanostro dictatorial regime. This is now our goal. My people are very difficult and we must help, and we must also fight more. Thanks for the invitation to this assembly. 
Bella's video hello with the images of the protests in Iran
01:06 01:06
&lt;https://agi-cdn.thron.com/delivery/public/video/agi/dbffc18d-a368-438d-9d88-5137e995e5b0/5ux4i6a/webhd/il+video+bella+Coniao+le> 
"or all together or even alone / Bella hello Bella hello / we wake up alchiaro di Luna / We who will remain awake until the aftermath / in the end of the Lenostre hands will break / all over the world the chain of oppression" 
You killed a Masha, thousands of Masha grew up in Iran. 
From Kurdistan to the whole world we are all Masha 

Fight to fight 



Whatever the ax you launched me 
It wasn't a wound was a sprout 



I will kill, I will kill the one who killed my sister ... 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-8-marzo-alle-ragazze-donne.html 
MA: Peasants of São Luís do not accept the new Master Plan of the City Hall - the new democracy 
Author: Comitê de Apoio – São Luís (MA)
Description: Residents of neighborhoods in the rural area of São Luís gathered in front of the city's City Hall in a demonstration pulled by the island's movement in defense, in
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T12:00:00-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T14:28:19-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T14:28:19-03:00
Images: [' Screenshot_20230213-1028532.png ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['protesto']
Type: article
 Master Plan of the São Luís City Hall seeks to deliver city to mega -entrepreneurs. Photo: Reproduction
Residents of neighborhoods in the rural São Luís gathered in front of the city's camcorda in a demonstration pulled by the island's movement on Defense, on February 14, to demand the return of the city's master plan for the City Hall, and its consequent Review, pending since 2015.
In addition to the difficulty encountered by the peasants to accompany and participate in the process, this plan, as is currently found, hurts the foundal rights of various rural communities, being a great threat to dunes, aquifers and forest reserve areas. And all this, to serve the interses of great entrepreneurs, especially from the eporate real estate branch.
The Master Plan dictates the parameters for the expansion and development of the city nearby 10 years, being a law governed by the City Statute that uses a set of norms and guidelines for public policies in relation to mobility, sanitation, environmental and rural policies. Way, as an expressive urban planning milestone, it should be serious as such.
The sudden urgency and interest in the approval of the new master plan is strictly linked to the interests of great entrepreneurs in the real estate industry, as approving the Master Plan would be the first step for dribbling land use and occupation, which will guarantee entrepreneurs legal supervision. The great interest is the construction of a port called Deporta São Luís, a project that began with former Maranhão governor, Fláviodino, in his two terms under the opportunistic acronym PCdoB who, in January2023, took over the Ministry of Justice and Security Public Presidency. At the time, in 2019, the attempt to advance the project of construction of theport, in alliance with the conglomerate China Communications Construction Company(CCCC), resulted in a violent eviction of residents of the centenary communityCajueiro, located in the rural area of São Luís.Maria Joselia reports that, because of real estate speculation, the rivers are in a while and the residents are no longer able to keep their Juçarals, when asked which river bathes her community, she reported that the nomento Rio is called Rio do Ambude and is almost completely complete Polished: “I have a terreiro named Terreiro de Sao Jose, we used water from the river to baptize eagora can no longer, we washed clothes in the river, but when they built the hostels it didn't give anymore, the only preserved spring is in a parser.” Maria Joselina says, in addition to informing that 10 communities of Domacaranã, which depend directly on the river, will be affected with the new planodirector.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/camponeses-de-sao-luis-nao-aceitam-novo-plano-diretor-da-prefeitura/ 
PC 7 March - Against endless barbarism migrants, from Meloni to the England of Sunak ... 
Author: prolcompal
Description: They compete for those who are more cynical and barbaric murderer against migrants who are forced to leave their countries because of the ...
Time: 2023-03-07T13:42:00+01:00
Images: [' sunak.jpg ']
 They compete with those who are more cynical and barbaric murderer against migrancies are forced to leave their countries because of the wars, of the "natural", poverty and unemployment created by the sacchesage and environmental devastation perpetrated by the imperialist countries ...
From Meloni to Sunak, from Biden to Macron, from Spain to Australia ...(all of them by modern fascism), and then again to the fascists and that's enough of other capitalists such as Poland, Hungary ... they do
New laws and raise walls against migrants trying to block the borders with thousands of kilometers of barbed wire!
In Great Britain, they report the press, the current head of government, be an unprecedented "unprecedented vine lap of vine against immigration". **
The word "illegal" serves to give legitimacy to their action, a "justification" that feeds the racism of their internal electorate. In fact, it threatened: "that it is clear, those who arrive here illegally does not remain". And he added that he wanted to proceed with the " deport [just like that, editor's note] migrants in Rwanda without the right ofuriors in Great Britain."
It is Sunak himself, says Il Sole 24 Ore today, "that as soon as he had elected he had had stopped that stopping migrants who land on the English coast is one of the asyed priorities". Priority? Great Britain is an imperialist country in fact total alcohol, economic social and political, and this would be a priority? These phrases are particularly hateful are the reflection of the blind alley in cooks are the representatives of imperialism in crisis, but they are also the weapon Now sprouted, thanks also to the response of popular solidarity on the side and the positions of humanitarian organizations on the other.
The new bill that Sunak will present today " It will make a criminal back on the sleeve on makeshift boats to reach England ."(On the "makeshift boats" there would be a whole series of jokes!)
But precisely to "overcome" this other obstacle, namely that migrants are up to the UN refugees and the European Convention of Human Rights, "according to credible rumors, Sunak would like to orarecede from the European Convention in order to be able to proceed with the round of vine epermerette the immediate removal of migrants. "
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-contro-i-migranti-barbarie.html 
New People’s Army Brochure 
Author: admin
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T13:47:34+00:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Join the NPA, citizen army!
Images: [' NPA54_brochure_pi-1-1024x725.png ']
Categories: ['Gallery', 'Publications']
Type: article
 _ Download Here _ Filipino: PDF Bisaya: pdf 
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/2023/03/07/new-peoples-army-brochure/ 
PC 7 March: Beretta's workers widen the complaint, on the exploitation in the factory, on the defense of work and women's rights. The Mariposa Association of Trezzo Solidale with the fight against Beretta 
Author: fannyhill
Description: From the blog Slai Cobas Sunday in Trezzo, the screening of the 'Singular' film of '22, on the theme of domestic violence, seven portrait ...
Time: 2023-03-07T14:00:00+01:00
Images: [' Screenshot_20230306-130058.jpg ']
Dal blog slaicobas  Sunday in Trezzo, the screening of the 'Singular' female film of '22, the Sultema of domestic violence, seven portraits of the difficult condition showing him, mothers, companions, singles, is introduced by the workers ' Dellafabbbrica ', famous and notorious in the country, as unknown
' A _ we care about the condition of the woman in all its facets, we decided to give them voice in our event on Sunday, as a modomigliere to remember that 8 March is not a party but one day of struggle? Out of 38 precarious workers with Very disadvantaged working conditions, 37 are equestrian women is not absolutely random_ '.
An invitation born from the comparison of the workers fighting with women of the Mariposa Association, which intervened at the public meeting of February 21st Trezzo, precisely to know this industrial reality visible from the outside, or through the distorted eyes of the imagecomerial -trezzo is full of industrial reality. of commercial signs Beretta 'Viva la Mamma'-, factory that finally opens thanks to the protagonism of the workers, who are asked solidarity and support, to the difficult struggle to defend, after 15 years at the salami factory, their place inside the salami factory, a place that pearls Women means autonomy and independence.
The workers from the stage, speaking of the factory and the struggle, told a careful room, which also responded with a warm applause. The comments at the end of the film was 'beautiful the film, but it struck me more than the condition of the workers of Beretta that I did not know'.
&lt;https://www.ilgiorno.it/milano/cronta/per-un-lavoro-migliore-salgono-palco-fi-della-beretta-9bd35368> 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-le-operaie-della-beretta.html 
Against sexual harassment and other forms of oppression!Women's organization! 
Author: Revolución Obrera
Time: 2023-03-07T14:00:00-05:00
Images: [' Acoso.jpg ']
Tags: ['abuso sexual', 'acoso sexual', 'Emancipación de la Mujer', 'feminismo', 'machismo', 'Metoo', 'Movimiento Femenino Revolucionario', 'Yo también']
Categories: ['Emancipación de la mujer']
!Against sexual harassment and other forms of oppression!Organization of the women!1 ](https://www.revolucionobrera.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Acoso.jpg)The unequal situation of women and her status as a man oppressed, come from the ancient slave society divided into classes because of the deprivation of private property over the means of production. The current capitalist sociality not only inherited such inequality and oppression of women, but has raised them to an unbearable degree, where feminicide is more violent, blood and criminal suffering, next to which, they are exercised forms of oppression over women, brutal and at the same time disguised, such as the sexual sexual_ whose boundary with washing is almost imperceptible, while it is a “romantic” resource of the exploiters to harass women work.

The sexual acoso is a universal form of oppression to women 
Women of all classes and in all countries suffer. But hacking greater resonance thanks to some of the bourgeois women of Acoso sexual - raised their voice, self -censored by years, and hasnunciated their perpetrators, which has echoed in the main media of communication. Powerful entrepreneurs and politicians of the imperialist bourgeoisie have been publicly denounced, causing a lot of noise, where some have lost their privileged positions, others have prepared political ostracism, and few, very few, have been convicted of justice.And in Colombia, so as not to leave it out of the list, the practice of the _acososexual in the spheres of art, journalism and the show has always existed, and only to illustrate, it is worth bringing the case of the report of the Periodists Catalina Ruiz-Navarro and Matilde de The Londoño miracles in 2020, with eight complaints of women for harassment and _ sexual abuse_ against the director of Cine Ciro Guerra, for their sexual assaults that occurred between 2013 and 2019 in three cities of the country and four abroad during events such as Cannes movie the Film Film Film Festival and the Cartagena Film Festival.

The depravation of political leaders is expressed in the sexual acous 
The bosses of the imperialist bourgeoisie, in addition to being the political leaders of the imperialist oppression about the oppressed countries and the workers, are also personally, oppressors and sexual stalkers of the women. Although they always have the protection of the great press of which owners, of their bribed justice, and the bourgeois moral hypocritical Trabajadoras classes. They head the George Bush list(the old), Bill Clinton and Donaldtrump, all denounced by sexual abuse to dozens of women. Monoparantitular world, statements and judgments, but none was convicted of sexual crimes against women whose complaints ended frozen in the ice of silence.And when practices of sexual acous by officials are denounced, it cannot be mentioned the abuses denounced by women of the State's armed forces, abuses that have caused persecution, dismissals, renunciations and even suicides. It is enough to mention a case of the most recent, in the National Police, the most powerful criminal gang in the immediate care centers(CAI)Apart from being known as micro traffic, they are clubs where they are halling and abuses with detained fighters. One of its colonels, the German Chafarote German who was the commander in the department of Putumayo was denounced by several women police officers by sexual acoso , and ironically a woman, Colonel Sandra Vallejos Delgado who received the complaints Noles gave credit, filed them and had the impudence to respond to one of the downtown: "get used to, that you are pretty"; For its part, the human detailed group of the Antonio Nariño school decided that "it was not worth it."

The harmless bourgeois and tiny laws and measures against the sexual_acous_acous_Agreements such as the 190 of the ILO that speaks of women's rights; penalties mentioned in the Criminal Code for the crime of sexual acous ; Law 1010 of 2006 that prohibits the sexual harassment of workers; Degenero sub-commission installed by the Government as part of the Permanent Commission of Concerción de Salarial and Labor Policies to prevent the acososexual in the workplace; Gender protocol promoted by the President to avoid the sexual sexual_ in Congress; channels and attention lines of complaints of sexual violence; Complaints before the Prosecutor's Office that sends Los Ascasos to the Centers of Care and Integral Research to the Victims Sex Dima(Cavity)For legal advice and psychological care ... All this is written letter on wet paper!All are laws, harmless measures in front of the sexual acous , if that legal formality is not obliged to fulfill, with the force of the direct struggle of the women, with the strength of the female movement, of the labor movement and the mass of mass. 

The revolutionary proletarian line to face the sexual won_ wings 
If the bourgeois women are sexually __ by the men's men ... if the small bourgeois women - who exploit workforce but also have to work themselves - are sexually acosadas_por the bourgeois men given their social closeness and by the men Living only depend on their work force for a salary - they are sexually harassed by the bourgeoh and the small bourgeois, by the middle command and the supervisor, by the co -worker and the union leader, by the abuser in the public transport, by The market of the market, by the homemade and elceler, for his own relatives, for the machismo that transpires by all of the capitalist society ... the working woman is the one who worse and more briefly suffers the sexual sexual in society because it is blackmail the deterioration in their working conditions!Communism has no miraculous recipes to solve the problems of capitalism, such as the violence of the sexual _ to women, Perosí assembles the class of the proletarians, and especially to the women workers of an ideological and political guide, and some forms of struggle and struggle and of organization to confront and transform that situation revolutionally.
The working woman individually is impotent to face the acososexual . But when he joins his co -workers, with his companions of the union, with her friends and neighbors of the neighborhood or village ... then he raises volume to her voice, increases the strength of her complaint, weighs her demand on paper laws.
It is true that the current crisis of the trade union movement due to the erroneous Polyitic and Employment Directorate of the Chiefs of the Trade Union Centrals, a weekly in the shortage of trade union organizations, in the weakness of the existing ones and this increases the unprotection of the companions against the acososexual . But nothing in the world was born at once and right; Everything moves the simple to the complex, from less to more, from the individual to the organization. Yahí is the key to solving the problem, knowing that there is no saviors Supremos, that only the people save the people, and women are very important part of the people. The initial and simple form proposed by the revolutionary community to the companions to initiate the transformation of individual impotence into a group force, is the organization of demuum committees in the factory and company, in the clinic and the hospital, in the school, The school and the university, in the neighborhood, in the union, in Lacooperativa, in the sports team ... there are working women everywhere, everywhere they are ultra -urged and sexually acosadas , everywhere they know Organize women's committees .
It is known that in the beginning, especially in the factories and companies, Deinmediato would be victims of employer persecution, which is why, initially lore as it is to organize them in secret, with the partners other confidence, with simple operating rules that include the complaints in the complaints in Anonymous form by social networks and the search for stealthy references with other companions affected by the same problem, plaster, with a main achieve: against sexual harassment and other ways of options: organization of women!The portal Revolution Obrera is at the service of all women's women. To amplify the complaints that can be sent to the emails or the social networks of the portal. To contribute to the information and education, the historical causes of the woman's situation, the need for sucking emancipation as part of the emancipation of the entire working class. Ymuy soon, will publish a proposal of _ Platform of struggle for a revolutionary female manner_ 2`, useful as a guide for the organization of the women's committees so that at the same time, these liberty organized form to that movement.
Grades: 
1 &lt;https://www.colombia.com/actualidad/naciones/Imfe-recibe-tremenda-golpiza-en-cartagena-lue-de-que-emple- lo-grabara-acosandola-382481> 2 for better information, See the editorial _Por a revolutionary female movement: Organize women's committees!
News Source: https://www.revolucionobrera.com/mujer/acoso-sexual/ 
Journalist denounces farce about the path of Peabiru - The New Democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: Journalist Rosana Bond will, in the coming days, submit to various tourism agencies of Santa Catarina, a complaint against Councilman Henrique Deckmann,
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T14:36:30-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T14:37:24-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T14:37:24-03:00
Images: [' 12-09-2013-10-22-51-pag-3-texto-1-rosana-bond-livro-historia-do-caminho-de-peabiru2013-mg-6138foto-flavio-tin.webp ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ']
Section: Povos Indígenas
Tags: ['Caminho de Peabiru']
Type: article
 Journalist Rosana Bond. Photo: Reproduction
The journalist Rosana Bond will, in the coming days, present to various decturism organs of Santa Catarina, a complaint against Councilman Henrique Deckmann, from Joinville, who has committed crime by propagating that Peabiru, indigenous truck, passed through his municipality and also for Garuva. “This is a harmful scam to unsuspecting tourists, young students, teachers, and Santa Catarina tourism,” says Bond.
"He is appropriating a story that does not belong to Joinville/Garuva Esim to other municipalities of the state," says the journalist, author of 5 books About Peabiru. Rosana Bond is considered one of the greatest Brazilian experts on the subject.
"The councilman is, with an egged electoral purposes, committing the misleading crime and other illegalities, as it has been spending public resources to play a scam, a lie," laments the journalist.
This is not the first time he has been involved in controversy. Years ago, HenriqueludoWigo Deckmann was mayor of Maripá, Paraná, and was processed public peloministry for administrative misunderstanding. He denied asirregularities, was acquitted, but had to leave the city, coming to reside EMSC.
“His goal now is to attract tourism to Joinville and Garuva. But this is athyetic and anti-historical. Using lies and distortions only harms it, ”saysBond. And it adds: “I have already passed him all the correct data, but I was unavoidable. It insists on untruths. ”
The Peabiru path linked the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific, having a perpetrator of about 4,000 km.
In Santa Catarina, it was done by the Itapocu River(Tape Puku in the Guarani language, meaning long way). Passava por Barra Velha, São João do Itaperiu,Guaramirim, Jaraguá do Sul e Corupá.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/jornalista-denuncia-farsa-sobre-o-caminho-do-peabiru/ 
MS: Seeking to hold back, police unfairly arrest three Guarani -Kaiowá in Rio Brilhante - The New Democracy 
Author: Comitê de Apoio – Dourados (MS)
Description: At dawn on March 3, the Guarani-Kaiowá resumed another part of the Laranjeira Nhanderu village in Rio Brilhante, a city 100km from Dourados, Monday
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T14:47:33-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T14:57:09-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T14:57:09-03:00
Images: [' Imagem-1.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ', ' Imagem-2-1024x576.jpg ', ' Imagem-3.jpg ', ' Imagem-4.jpg ']
Section: Povos Indígenas
Tags: ['Demarcação', 'Guarani-Kaiowá']
Type: article
 The prayer(Ourru)Olímpio, 83, and his daughter, Professor Clara, in the resumption orange tree Nhanderu. He was hit by two rubber bullets and she was arrested. Photo: Folha de São Paulo
At dawn on March 3, the Guarani-Kaiowá resumed another part of the Orange Larandeia Nhanderu, in Rio Brilhante, a city 100km from Dourados, the second largest city in Mato Grosso do Sul. The indigenous people have been in the region since 2008 and live in a small strip of land. The territory recently occupied the headquarters of Inho Farm, located in the indigenous territory(OF)what a hope for over 15 years. Hours after the resumption, at the behest of the Governorrectional Eduardo Riedel(PSDB), the Military Police of the State of Mato Grosso Sul cowardly injured two indigenous people with rubber bullet and dysfit three leaders after entering the territory, illegally - undamaged judicial and overlapping the jurisdiction of the Federal Court.
The orange resumption Nhanderu is a historically recognized territory Guarani-Kaiowá and has a promise of demarcation since 2007. Although indigenous people have not yet been able to enjoy it in its entirety, living in a small portion of land. Expression of this was the recent referee suffered by the Guarani-Kaiowá. At the time, the indigenous people advanced the locality where there was traditionally a house of prayer(_Oga)- One of them was attacked in 2020 - For the realization of a ritual ceremony that happens every three years. Upon arriving, the 15 families brutally repressed by the PM and the latifundal jagunços. The indigenousnesses their tents removed from the resumption and their goods(from motorcycles to bikes and carriolas)seized, as reported to the correspondent of the and on site.The repression began around lunchtime, when about 13 PM military personnel arrived in four cars from two neighboring cities(Dourados Maracaju). Logo na chegada, as tropas militares quase atropelaram váriosindígenas e dispararam balas de borracha e bombas de efeito moral contraidosos e crianças de colo. Olímpio, uma liderança de 83 anos, foi atingidoduas vezes; já outra indígena, tentando tirar sua filha do meio do confronto,também levou um tiro.
Durante a repressão, os militares detiveram, sob a falsa acusação de “esbulhopossessório”, além de alegada “resistência” à prisão, o cacique Adalto (Avarendy)and Professor Clara(How many jeguá), both sons of Olímpio, Figures of the Resumption and Counselors of Aty Guasu and Kuñange Aly Guasu. In addition to this, the young cameraman and member of the resumption, Athy Young Lucimar “Lucas” Gualoy(Ava jeguaka), he was also detained for "disobedience." The prosecution of the young man's stance in refusing to stop the filming that was doing a police action. According to the indigenous people, the police of the region acted repression along with “private security guards”(gunmen)From the landlord, they wanted motorcycles of the Guarani-Kaiowá and kept them in a Fazenda shed.
The three detainees went to the 1st Rio Brilhante Civil Police Station with their remaining belongings seized(including the cell phone where Gualoyhavia recorded the repression). Frente a isso, a mãe e o tio do jovem foram até adelegacia, denunciaram a arbitrariedade da detenção e afirmaram que, se ospresos não fossem postos em liberdade, membros da sua aldeia (Tajasu iguá, emdouradina)They would join the resumption in solidarity with the Guarani-Kaiowá Brilhante. As a result of the mobilization, the indigenous people remained Naterra until the release of the three detainees, which occurred the next day. However, despite the revocation of preventive arrests, the Civil Police maintained the catelling measures against the indigenous people.
Still as a continuation and result of the struggle of the Guarani-Kaiowá people, it was given an announcement of the advancement of the demarcation process and anthropological expertise. Solidarity and intended to advance in their fight, the Guarani-Kaiowá said they will hold, with leaders from all over Mato Grosso dosul, the great Guarani-Kaiowá Assembly( Crowd )in Laranjeiranhanderu. The assembly will take place between 03/06 and 10/03.#
The resumption process 
In 2007, Laranjeira village Nhanderu was included in the Econduta Adjustment Agreement(TAC), a study plan for the demarcation of land made federal public peloministry(MPF)and the National Foundation of Indigenous Peoples(FUNAI). Segundo o planejamento do TAC, a demarcação de Laranjeira Nhanderu(Located inside Ti Brilhapegua)has been late for at least 14 years(The maximum deadline for demarcation was 2009).
Em 2008, diante da inoperância do velho Estado, 167 indígenas da comunidadeocuparam uma pequena área de mata nos fundos da fazenda Santo Antônio, em RioBrilhante, que faz divisa com a fazenda Inho. No ano seguinte, foram expulsospor ordem judicial e ocuparam as margens da BR-163, mas retomaram novamente oterritório em 2011. À época, o governo do Estado estava sob gestão de AndréPuccinelli (So PMDB), whose deputy governor Simone Tebet, current Planning and Budget. In 2017, the indigenous people denounced the sineficiality of the old Brazilian state in the process of demarcation of Seterra in a brief reporting federal public dominance of Mato Grosso do Sul. A year later, they elevated to the area called Orange Nhanderu II. Last year, Osguarani-Kaiowá bravely resisted a de-despejo attempt held after a resumption at the headquarters of the Inho Fazenda.
Mappeda by Guarani-Kaiowá da Ti Laranjeira Nhanderu; In red, the farm, the place of the current conflict, and, in green, the Santo Antônio Farm, whose fans has been inhabited by the indigenous people. Photo: Repórter Brasil#
Police and Governor contradict each other 
In an attempt to hide the real reason for the conflict, the PM and the Doste Government contradicted each other by giving, each, its version of the case. Naocasion, the corporation claimed, in a statement, that it went to the scene because a group of15 people broke into the farm and "aggressively, they expelled the employees" and stole a gas canister.
The reactionary governor Eduardo Riedel(PSDB), according to the Monopoly Demprenso Folha de São Paulo, authorized the police action “to ensure the order to safeguard lives” based on the false story that there would be an indigenous conflict and landless peasants on the site, which also claimed in a state aseparia note of justice and public safety(Sejusp). A justificativase baseia na manobra de 2022 em que se tentou criar um falso “assentamentorural” nas terras dos Guarani-Kaiowá a partir de investidas da deputadaestadual Mara Caseiro (PSDB), by councilor Adão Evandro and his father, Ramãoalves Leite, in collusion with the owner of Fazenda Inho, Raul das Neves, and with the state of the state agency of Agrarian Development and Rural Extension(Aggravate). Na manobra, eles fizeram promessas para moradores de outroassentamento e chegaram a falar em uma ocupação de sem-terras em 2022, o quenunca ocorreu. No dia 03/03 deste ano, quando da última tomada dos Guarani-Kaiowá, não havia nenhum camponês sem-terra no local, conforme pôde averiguaro correspondente local do AND .
Durante a sua campanha eleitoral de 2022, Riedel afirmou demagogicamente em“ouvir e entender” os indígenas, comentou do “desafio de vivermos todos empaz” e que buscaria viabilizar um “desenvolvimento econômico para estascomunidades”. Na prática, o governador que diz que “índios e produtores sãovítimas” foi apoiado por 50 sindicatos rurais representantes do latifúndio eque constantemente açoitam os povos indígenas doestado . Em seu discursooportunista e pró-latifúndio, Riedel equipara o latifúndio aos indígenas elevanta propostas de “levar a questão de desenvolvimento”, sem tocar noassunto na demarcação de terras.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/ms-guarani-kaiowa-avancam-retomada-em-rio-brilhante-sao-ilegalmente-reprimidos-pela-policia-e-tres-sao-presos-injustamente-em-resposta-anunciam-semana-de-luta/ 
RJ: Against hunger, people confiscates chickens of listed truck - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: Residents of the Cidade de Deus Community (West Zone) in Rio de Janeiro, confiscated chickens listed from a truck, facing police repression to kill hunger.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T14:52:01-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T15:02:34-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T15:02:34-03:00
Images: [' segundo-o-corpo-de-bombeiros-motorista-do-caminhao-nao-ficou-ferido-1678187624351_v2_900x506.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ', ' 07co10-1024x576.webp ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['Confisco', 'fome']
Type: article
 Pasta confiscates chickens truck in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Reproduction
Residents of the City of God Community(West Zone), in Rio de Janeiro, confiscated chickens listed from a truck, facing police repression to kill hunger. The truck loaded with the animals toppled on the 7th Mark on the Gabinal Road near the community. One month earlier, in the Damata area in Minas Gerais(MG)More than twenty people were arrested for confiscating a truck. In this case, the Civil Police stated that frequent confiscation in the Zona da Mata.
Videos of what happened in Rio de Janeiro show the masses carrying the depths of gadgets despite being harassed by military police carrying rifles.
Milltorsmilitance police are pasta that confiscated food in the community of Dedeus city in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Reproduction
A month before that happened in Rio de Janeiro, 24 people were arrested in Zonada Mata Minas Gerais for confiscating yogurt boxes in a listed truck NABR-116, Leopoldina. A joint action was performed between police(PM), Civil police(PC)and Federal Highway Police(PRF)To stop the masses confiscate the food. In addition to the arrests, six vesicles of the popular who confiscated dairy products on the road also had been understood.
The truck had left Araras(SP), to the Holy Spirit, loaded with 32 tons of yogurt and other dairy products. Decoro with the PC, in an interview with the G1 reactionary press monopoly, a plowing was “a joint, fast action that will become constant, as it is one that has been taking place repeatedly in the [Leopoldina] city”.In addition, researchers from the Pensan network highlighted the same year as ovalor of the old Brazil aid of R $ 600 - which is still the same value Dobolsa Family currently - has not changed hunger, because the high inflames, the worsening in the market of work and the line of people who do not enter the Unified Registry(and that, therefore, do not receive the aid)aggravated the crisis.
It aggravates the hunger staff the forecast of cutting by the Lula/Alckmin government of 1.5 million people from Bolsa Familia, as well as the "review" of the Pharmacy Pharmacy program. This measure is unconditional to the fact that the average salary of the Brazilian, according to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics(IBGE), being R $ 2,787, while minimum wage should be R $ 6.6 thousand, according to Intersindical Odepation of Statistics and Socioeconomic Studies(Dieese), in view of the cost of housing, food, transportation, education and other needs. It is evident that all government's demagogy to justify 1.5 million people hide the fact that it will affect those who need to survive, no matter how they do not fit into Bolsa Familia reaisites.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-contra-a-fome-povo-confisca-galinhas-de-caminhao-tombado/ 
Armed struggle in Ireland follows power - the new democracy 
Author: Ângelo de Carvalho
Description: And reports and offers panorama about the last years of armed struggle in the European country.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T15:30:51-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T18:00:57-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T18:00:57-03:00
Images: [' an-active-service-unit-of-the-irish-republican-army-sets-up-a-vehicle-checkpoint-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-1994.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ', ' cropped_cropped_MI_Members_of_the_Irish_Republican_Army_photographed_during_the_1916_Easter_Rising.jpg ', ' a-volunteer-of-the-irish-republican-army-armed-with-an-rpg-7-rocket-launcher-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-1994.webp ', ' an-active-service-unit-asu-of-the-irish-republican-army-armed-with-vehicle-mounted-heavy-and-general-purpose-machine-guns-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-c-1980s.jpg ', ' volunteers-of-an-active-service-unit-asu-of-the-irish-republican-army-preparing-for-a-foot-patrol-british-occupied-north-of-ireland-1994.jpg ', ' full.png ', ' full.png ', ' full.png ', ' full.png ', ' 3386.webp ', ' full.png ']
Section: Luta anti-imperialista
Tags: ['IRA', 'irlanda', 'luta armada']
Type: article
 107 years after the Easter uprising, Irish Republicans are still in armed struggle for liberation. Photo: Reproduction
In late February, the action of the Irish Republican Army combatants(IRA), which shot a gun shots a detective inspector chief police from the northern Ireland(PSNI)He showed that the British colony armed struggle did not cease. Republican action occurred less than two months after a IRA pronouncement where the organization indicated that it would conduct an intensification armed against the British crown and its agents in Ireland. The Aodetective attack, which is in a critical condition at the hospital, and the failure of the police investigation, which was unable to arrest any involved, brought the debate on the Irish National Resistance and its development of recent years.
The republican attack on the police took place on 22/02 in the city of Deomagh, County Tyrone, when two Ira combatants ambushed the nasid policeman from a soccer match and shot him with about ten fire -fire shots. The action was claimed by the Irish Republican Army(Ira, also known as new wrath), on 02/26, through a declaration in a wall of the city of Londonderry and signed by T.O. Neill. Onome T.O. Neill has been used by Ira in his statements and appeared in the promotion of this organization about the intensification of Nairland's armed struggle.Even with all the investigation apparatus, the Irish state was not able to break any republican. Four of the six detained people were released on March 1st. The other two, kept longer under the injunction of the Irish reactionary justice, were eventually released 05/03.

The Path of Irish National Resistance 
Irish Republican Army Members(IRA)during the Easter uprising.
The republican attack against John Caldwell is another chapter of the Irish people's struggle for his complete liberation. For centuries, Irish annation, subjugated and oppressed by England(initially British pelonialism, later and to this day)stand up to armed uprisings and rebellions against their colonizers.
Year after year, thousands of Irish go to the streets to celebrate the departure uprising of 1916, when Republicans gathered in various military organizations robbed the Post Office Central Station in Dublin and DeclaraMali the independence and foundation of the Irish Republic. It is recorded in the memory of the Irish people, too, the Ireland's War for Independence, when the republicans confronted, with weapons in their hands, the British military and bloodthirsty Ashoordas of the black and tans (Composite British militia owners of the First World War exclusively to combat the patriotasirlandes). O mundo inteiro acompanhou o período conhecido como “osConflitos” (1968 - 1998), marked in the history of the Irish nation - and its British algots - as a highlight of its struggle for liberation.
Irish Republican Army Members of Conflict. Photo: Reproduction
Irish Republican Army Members of Conflict. Photo: Reproduction
In 1998, the period of “conflicts” came to an end with an event that Osimerialists expected to mean the end of the Irish national resistance: a signature of a peace agreement between British imperialists and the so -called level. The agreement, which was signed after mishaps in the armed struggle and oCSSAR-FOOD(The Irish Republican Army provisorially cited ceasefire in 1994), kept the Irish territory separate(Entrepublic of Ireland and Ireland do Norte)And it created, to try to appease arebelion, government institutions of the North British British imperialism.
Unlike what the imperialists expected, however, the actions of the nationally resistance did not cease. In 1998, several explosions were realized by republicans who dissidents of the Peace Agreement, now realized in the Royal Irish Republican Army(Real wrath, or kira ).Os ataques continuaram nos anos subsequentes: policiais, delegacias, soldadosdo exército britânico, sedes de jornais do monopólio britânico(specifically, bbc )and military bases were some of the targets of dissident republicans.
A survey of and , based on reports of the Irish Republican newspapers monopoly, reveals that at least 138 explosions, pump card shipments, firearm shots, attacks with spear, threats from threats of Death, incendiary attacks, attacks with cocktails Molotovs Outaches through different sources used simultaneously were performed between 2006 and 2023 . Among these attacks, 89 were the pump attacks, 18th-gun-bombs, 15 bomb cards, five attacks with cocktails_molotov_, three incendiary attacks, two death threats, a missile attack and five simultaneous attacks. The main stage of the nationally resistance during this period was Antrim County, where 42 actions were realized.
In the attacks on national resistance, the targets are multiple and all those who represent British imperialism or betrayal to it are distributed. Three groups stand out: those representing the observant occupation, the nation's traitorous Irish capitulators, and “Irish” institutions to British imperialism. Between 2006 and 2023, the patriotic actions of the Irish shot 77 police and affiliates(Police ormetic relatives), 11 British or Irish military personnel, seven politicians of parties of capitulation( Sinn fine )or pro-union with England, imperialist financial financials, three figures or buildings of the judiciary, two British intelligence figures or buildings, three guardians and one informant. In addition to these, there were 31 attacks whose targets were not identified. Most, bombs left on the road, probably to be fired at police patrols, but they did not shoot and have no confirmed targets.
In 2009, two events marked the Irish national resistance: on the 7th of that year, two British military personnel were killed and two more were fired by firing by real Ira fighters, configuring the first British military deaths at the hands of the 1997 National Resistance. Two. Days later, PSNI policeman Stephen Carroll was dead. Caroll was the first police officer killed by Republicans since 1998.
The following year, the National Resistance continued to intensify its actions. The minus 25 actions were carried out by the patriots throughout the year. In six days of July 2010, republican protests shot troopspolisal with cocktails Molotovs , firearm shots and other types of probable.Still in 2010, in October, a Ulster Bank branch of the English capital was the target of an attack on the bomb. The action was carried out around 11:56 pm, when a 90kg explosive car detonated the imperialist financial institution. In addition to the bank, a hotel has been damaged and two police officers were injured.
In 2012, different republican organizations, such as the real Ira , the republican action against drugs and other smaller groups, said that one would unite a single organization, entitled the new wrath, or only anger. Once resulted, the actions of the National Resistance have continued over the years.
Not only being limited to Northern Ireland, Irish Republicans also carried out actions in the United Kingdom itself. In February 2014, the Novoira claimed the sending of letters bomb to recruitment centers for the brightness in the English cities of Oxford, Reading, Slough, Brighton, Aldershot, Canterbury and Chatham. In the same year, two other letters off the outskirts of maghaberry's high security in northern Ireland, where republicans were enclosed.
PSNI car was the target of dolotovs in a manifestation of celebration of the departure uprising. Photo: Niall Carson/PA
In 2019, new bombs were sent. This time, the targets Foramaeroportos and train stations from London. Bomb letters are oftenuse by the Irish Republicans in their patriotic actions. During the "conflicts", dozens of houses of politicians and government buildings and British press demonopolies were destinations of these artifacts.

News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/a-incontivel-luta-armada-na-irlanda-segue-pujante/ 
Annalena Baerbocks and her "guidelines for a feminist foreign policy" 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-07T15:36:55+00:00
Images: [' 1280x720.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: None
Just in time before March 8th, Foreign Minister Baerbock presented this week together with Svenjaschule from the SPD the new, so -called "guidelines for a feminist foreign policy"
One goal of "feminist foreign policy" is the stabilization of regions of the Third World. The paper says:
" Security Architecture in Africa: We subordinate the African Uniondabe to build one-mediator network as part of the African Peace and Security Architecture. With our projects, we are calling for the training and advice of the mediators. The number of their uses has been quadruplating since 2018. Our demand of the African Women Leader also Networker is also important foundations. " For a long time, German imperialism has been "making" its "contribution" contribution to security architecture in Africa. German soldiers have been stationed for many years of different African countries and with developmental funds in the interest of German imperialism. Whoever deals more intensely with the question of security policy of German imperialism Will is _ "_ Das striving for German imperialism to develop into a superpower - somehow comments on the" White Book 2016 - On the security policy and for the future of the Bundeswehr " from the class level. 
 German soldiers in Mali
In addition, there is states such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar or the United States, i.e. landers in which women are denied fundamental rights, weapons have been supplied for years. These states drove against the Yemeni people among other things and drive the population of Yemen into death. Baerbock also supports the fascist apartheid and settlers regime of Israel, which is dead for women and children for almost daily, imprisoned for years. The Zionist occupiers constantly destroy Palastinian residential builders and make the families living in them homeless.Besides a little language cosmetics, bourgeois feminism does not bring any further and other things in the double prevention and exploitation of the woman, but only obscures them.
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7527-annalena-baerbocks-leitlinien-zu-einer-feministischen-aussenpolitik 
IKF: Invitation to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties and organizations to join the International Communist Association 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T16:00:00+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T16:19:46+00:00
Description: We bring an unofficial Danish translation of an opinion from the International Communist Association. Proletarians in all countries, unite!Invitation to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist Party…
Images: [' ikf.png ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We bring an unofficial Danish translation of an opinion from the International Communist Association.
 Proletars in all countries, unite! 

Invitation to all Marxist-Leninist-Maoist parties Og organizations to join the International Communist Federation 
The successful holding of the United Maoist International Conference(Fmik)And the establishment of the International Communist Federation is a successful international proletariat and a blow to the general counter -revolutionary offensive of imperialism and world reaction, as is counter -revisionism and all opportunism. It has been less than two months since Detespring was prepared, the declaration and decisions were translated into 15 languages, and the foundation was celebrated with actions in at least 20 countries with hundreds Large demonstration of communists with hundreds of participants marching in Germany with IKF's flags and paroles. It is a historical achievement without a precedent that Communists Idusvis of Countries have completed actions under the slogan: “Unconsider you undermaoism!Down with revisionism!Living the International Communist Federation!”The crowd and quality of the actions confirms the historical significance of the creation that was created and is a glimpse of the powerful impulse that the international communist movement is taking.
The founding of the International Communist Confederation is the result of a long and complex process for more than four decades with a view to overwhelming the spread and uniting the international communist movement [IKB] under Marxism-Leninism-Maoism as the commander of the World Revolution and supervisor. Only by understanding this decades long process is it possible to understand historical transcendence and the deep strategic content of the founding of the International Communist Association.In FMIK, parties and organizations with different views - through -tollee, by practicing unity, criticism, unity could achieve the highest ideological and political unity of the last four -year -olds. This is a thorough example of the true communists wanting to associate themselves with Maoism!The division of the International Proletariat is the interest of the revisionism and the reaction.
The political declaration and the principles of IKF express the agreement that 15 parties and organizations from around the world have reached, and it is a major step forward and is the basis and the point of reference to unite the entire IKB.
The International Communist Association will not save on the forces of establishing a direct connection with all the M-L-M parties and organizations wishing to work for unity and not division, and who defend the three-founding principles: 1. Defense of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism, 2. The fight against revisionism and 3. To be for the proletarian world revolution .IKF will work on holding meetings, reunions and forums that aim to lift the Tolinj fight and promote ideological and political unity. Therefore, this support will support all proposals, initiatives and forums that serve to develop device-combat device. Just as it was confirmed in the political statement and the principles:
The new international organization is a center for ideological, political and organizational coordination, based on democratic centralism and solution troubles through mutual and permanent consultation between the parties and organizations that are in line with it, and it will expand this process to all those who - even Whether they participate with the same principles and purposes - standing outside it. 
Therefore, the foundation of IKF does not end the process for the struggle for unity, but open a whole new phase in "The organized struggle for re -establishing derekmunist international under Maoism's command and leadership", and we are available and are obliged to move sky and earth to fight The foreclosure of the glorious communist international.
Comrades,Union under Maoism!Down with revisionism!
Down with imperialism!Live the proletarian world revolution!
Live the International Communist Federation!
8 . February, 2023
International Communist Association
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/07/ikf-opfordring-til-alle-marxistiske-leninistiske-maoistiske-partier-og-organisationer-om-at-tilslutte-sig-internationalt-kommunistisk-forbund/ 
Stickers: “Women, fight and resist!Against imperialism and patriarchy!" 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T16:18:22+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T16:18:22+00:00
Description: We have received documentation that stickers with the slogans: “Women, fight and resist!Against imperialism and patriarchy!”Is spreading around the country.
Images: [' 1.jpg ', ' 2.jpg ', ' 3.jpg ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We have received documentation that stickers with the slogans: “Women, fight and resist!Against imperialism and patriarchy!”Is spreading around the country.
   Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/07/klistermaerker-kvinder-kaemp-og-gor-modstand-imod-imperialisme-og-patriarkat/ 
PC 7 March: the "different" sheet of 8 March of the MFPR. Request it from mfpr.naz@gmail.com spread it tomorrow 
Author: fannyhill
Description: None
Time: 2023-03-07T16:21:00+01:00
Images: [' foglio%208%20marzo%202023_page-0001.jpg ', ' foglio%208%20marzo%202023_page-0002.jpg ']
 
 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-il-differente-foglio-dell8.html 
The "different" sheet of 8 March of the MFPR. Request it from mfpr.naz@gmail.com spread it tomorrow 
Author: fannyhill
Description: Revolutionary proletarian feminism
Time: 2023-03-07T16:23:00+01:00
Images: [' foglio%208%20marzo%202023_page-0001.jpg ', ' foglio%208%20marzo%202023_page-0002.jpg ']
 
 
News Source: https://femminismorivoluzionario.blogspot.com/2023/03/il-differente-foglio-dell8-marzo-del.html 
RJ: street vendors throw stones at agents and destroy three vehicles - the new democracy 
Author: Giovanna Maria
Description: Revolted street vendors against the campaign of criminalization of his profession promoted by the Municipal Guard (GM) of Rio de Janeiro responded to the cowards committed daily and shot stones at the agents.
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T16:42:44-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T16:47:03-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-07T16:47:03-03:00
Images: [' 1678217836438992.jpg ', ' printfriendly-pdf-email-button-md.png ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['ambulantes', 'Luta Classista', 'trabalhadores informais']
Type: article
 Informal workers rebel against Rio Guard. Photo: Reproduction
Revolted street vendors against the criminalization campaign of his profession promoted by the Municipal Guard(GM)From Rio de Janeiro they responded to the daily covadias and shot stones at the agents, hit by them, and destroying at least three vehicles, on the night of March 6, Nobairro de Copacabana.
An agent was sent to Miguel Couto Hospital in Gávea. According to a public order aseprector(Seop), the "intelligence sector" had already identified that "some street vendors planned the attacks against the municipal and seop agents."
The workers' revolt against Mayor Eduardo Paes(PSD)It is not relevant, since the abuses against the street vendors are daily. On the 18th Dejano, street vendors from all over the city of Rio de Janeiro made a great prostrate in the Copacabana neighborhood against frequent aggressions and delayed robberies by GM police. Repudiating police repression, they had a busy road from the tourist neighborhood.
On the occasion, Maria do Carmo, organizer of the United Movement of Camelôs(Barrel)And the workers without rights movement stated to Agência Brasil: “We received videos from the street vendor catching from the municipal guard, losing an ammarking, deposit burst, carrying the whole merchandise. We are having direct merchandise, we are not able to get our market back in the warehouse. ”
Prior to that, on December 30 last year, the worker Silvanifernandes da Silva had been beaten by GM in Copacabana after terresisted to the police attempt to collect their cart with their market. The street vendor, reacting to the violence of the police, was not intimidated a bottle on the back of one of the guards.These are indispensable materials for street vendors to work hard in the tourist area of Copacabana and other neighborhoods in the south of Dorio. As denounced by the organizer of Muca, once the materials are held, workers can rarely get them back, causing unimaginable financial and compromising their breadwinner.
A survey by the Getulio Vargas Foundation(FGV)Social of 2020 revealed that, that year, Rio de Janeiro was the state with the highest informality rate of the country. In the state that year, the informality increased by about 7%, a three times larger medium than in the rest of the country. Already the following year, in 2021, a survey of the same institution showed that informal workers Dorio de Janeiro were the most affected by the pandemic.
While criminalizing and sends GM to beat workers who resort to informality due to agonizing unemployment in Rio, the City Hall Deeduardo Paes(which is for the third time mayor of Rio de Janeiro)He spent quaser $ 35 million in the preparation of the Special Group's samba schools and his desires. This money is intended to convert part of the city into an international space for tourists. Meanwhile, there is no effort to commit to the regularization of informal commerce or to support the city's Owners.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-revidando-covardia-da-guarda-municipal-ambulantes-atiram-pedras-contra-agentes-e-destroem-tres-viaturas/ 
Foreign Ministers of the United States and Russia arrive at the right to discuss the future of Ukraine 
Author: Verein der Neuen Demokratie
Description: Within the framework of the so -called 2023 summit of G 20, in New Dehli (India), which brings together imperialist countries plus some of their semicolo ...
Time: 2023-03-07T16:43:00+01:00
Images: []
Within the framework of the so -called 2023 summit of G 20, in New Dehli(India), who wants the imperialist countries plus some of their semi -colonies, have produced in the first encounter between the Foreign Ministers of the United States and Russia, between Blinken and Laroys, where both set official and public forms at that level on their claims of "peace enucrania ".
In short, the media reported about it:
" EU demands Russia for the end of war in Ukraine through diplomazaseria 
AP, AFP and The Independent , Friday, March 3, 2023,
_ New Delhi. The US Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, and the Foreign Minister of Russia, Serguei Lavrov, gathered briefly yesterday margin of the Summit of Cancilleres of the G-20 in India, in the primerancuentro of high level between the two countries since Moscow invaded to its eslavo._
_Blinken told Lavrov that Washington will support kyiv as long as it is and will press so that the war ends in diplomatic terms that the invaded nation accepts.
_ "End this war of aggression, participate in a serious diplomacy that can produce a fair and lasting peace," Blinken said that it was the manager expressed to Lavrov. He pointed out that "the president(Russian Vladimir)PUTIN HADOSRADO ZERO interest in participating, saying that there is nothing to talk about so much Ukraine does not accept the new territorial reality. "
_The head of US diplomacy added that he urged Russia to reverse "his irresponsible decision and return to participate in the Newstart nuclear treaty.
_Lavrov did not mention having talked to Blinken, but said that it will make the pressure with its actions in Ukraine.
_ It stated that his nation is still open to conversations to put an alkonflict end in Ukraine, but accused the West of effectively blocking such communications. "They are asking us to have negotiations, but I nortan any western colleague who has asked Ukraine to present supposition, but are encouraging her to continue the war. "_Of course, that it can be affirmed without fear of being wrong, that it is not the first time, that representatives of both imperialist powers deal with directly or by intermediaries about the contest by the botin in dispute of the imperialist prey, the oppressed nation Ukraine. Because they have always maintainedocontact, conversations and coordinations so as not to risk a direct manage for which they are not yet in conditions. That will occur when one of them breaks the atomic balances. But, it is the first time, that the framework of a global event is to present to the world its proposals for "peace conversations about Ukraine." With imperialist arrogance, they ambosexpresses their exclusive right to discuss the future of Ukraine; That is, both ministers have officially set their position that Yankees and Russian imperialists will be, who will decide on the oppressed of the negotiating table and will do so according to their strength, political and economic at the global level and on the ground.
While that happened in the appointment of the G 20, according to the delimerialism analysts themselves, the war becomes more bloody without a "military exit" in the corto or medium term for any of the parties involved. The situation department for "negotiations" is nothing favorable for imperialismore; Thinking only, which Putin thought of a fast decision war, so, among other reasons, he presented it as a "special operation" and is now established in a war that lasts more than one anus and that consumes its political, military, economic and economic reservations that Morales
The need for the negotiated exit for both Yankee imperialism and for Russian imperialism is allowed to be transluded into and the imperialists rusosopure on the ground to achieve shocking successes, which clash the Ukrainian resistance that tips them hard blows. The Yankees and their imperialist "allies", on the other hand, make great gestures of aid aid to show their lackeys like Zelinsky who are on their side and, like this. Gain greater confidence of your lacacho so that you have more available to accept the lecisvos agreements to the interests of the Ukrainian nation among the Yankees imperialists with the Russian imperialists.We know that interimperialist contradictions develop through three forms: wars of imperialist aggression, contests between imperialist and imperialist world war, for the distribution. The war of aggression of Russian imperialism against the Northucraniana expresses the development of the third contradiction, the intention of the intention.
Interimperialist contradiction, between the United States and Russia. Yankees imperial to maintaining their hegemony about Eurasia, strengthening elcer against Russia and degrading it military, politically and economically to return to accelerate their sinking only sophered so far in the present century, without a direct confrontation with Russia for which there are currently no conditions. Russia show that it is in a position to challenge the unique hegemonic imperialist ugmonia, recover Ukraine as its spherge influence by changing its semicolonial status to turn it into its colony(annexation)partial and if possible in its entirety and try to recover how imperialist power in Eurasia, asserting its condition atomic, all this without risking a direct confrontation with the imperial and imperial superpower and Yankee, for which it is not in conditions.
But, first and mainly for us, it is the War of Resistance of a Oppressed Nation, Ukraine, against the War of Imperialism Aggression that seeks to change its formally independent country status(Lenin:semicolonia)To Colonia, where it is the people of this nation that takes Lasarmas to free themselves from being a colony. It is the fierce resistance with immense acrifice in lives of the people and of all kinds that the Ukrainian nation that is leaving humiliating defeats to the imperialistarous atomic superpower. They are not the weapons that the Imperialist send to their Lacayo Zalnskylas that maintain national resistance; but, the decisive factor in Luerue de Resistencia, are the Ukrainian men and women of all the conditions and ages that resist and kill the invader. Western media and their analyst are talking about a "military draw" situation("pattsituation)and others that with the war in Ukraine, a "military degradation" is being produced, etc. of Russia.President Mao said: : ̈No everything big is powerful nor should the ELMIEDO have ̈ Because great is Marxism and that if it is almighty and before they are shaking that all reactionaries tremble because they will be swept. "
News Source: https://vnd-peru.blogspot.com/2023/03/ministros-de-relaciones-exteriores-de.html 
[8m] Elche: Actions for proletarian feminism 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T17:07:45+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T17:07:45+00:00
Description: Throughout the last days, the revolutionaries of Elche have carried out agitation and propaganda activities of the statement "We chose to fight: proletarian feminism for communism!" What was PU ...
Images: [' elche4.jpg ', ' elche3.jpg ', ' elche5.jpg ', ' elche8.jpg ', ' elche11.jpg ']
Type: article
03/07/2023
Throughout the last days, the revolutionaries of Elche have carried out agitation and propaganda activities of the statement " el we choose: proletarian feminism for communism! " Which was published in "Serve Alpueblo", and have given dissemination and sale to the number 3 of the newspaper in the University Miguel Hernández de Elche(Umh)and in the Carrús neighborhood. In addition, they appeared in the stickers in various parts of the city and a painted in the May 1st Park in the Carrús neighborhood with the slogan: _ «FEMINISMISMISISPROLECARY for communism_«. We share the images that have made us made by email.
     
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/07/8m-elche-acciones-por-el-feminismo-proletario/ 
PC 7 March - The Meloni government alongside the terrorist state of Israel who bombards, kills, threatens Iran. Netanyahu is not welcome to Italy!March 9th event 
Author: prolcomra
Description: "I met the president of Knesset Amir Ohana. We are firmly against any terrorist force that attentive to freedom, to there ...
Time: 2023-03-07T17:14:00+01:00
Images: [' LaRussa.jpg ', ' Aleppo-aereoporto%20bombardato.jpg ', ' Israele%20attacca%20Damasco.jpg ', ' Jenin%20bombardata.jpg ', ' Meloni%20Netanihau.jpg ', ' Netanyahu-locandina.png ']
_ "I met the president of Knesset Amir Ohana. We are firmly stopping every terrorist force that attentive to freedom, to the existence and independence of Israel. Israel must be protected in his rights." _
Ignazio La Russa, president of the Senate of the Republic
 And what would be the "rights" of this occupant state and its regimetting apartheid? 
Israel Bombarda and kills: 
 --- Aleppo Airport bombed by Israel  --- Damascus bombed by Israel Israel Bombarda Aleppo Airport. Humanitarian aid for ilterreto is diverted
Aleppo airport has been widely used for the delivery of autial areas affected by the earthquake in northern Syria. The earthquakes that had Turkey had a month ago caused more than 50,000 deaths, of which about 6,000 in Syria. triggering a humanitarian crisis.
At the beginning of this year, the Israeli army attacked Damascus' airport, temporarily putting it out of service epvocating the death of two Syrian soldiers.
Last month, at least five people were killed when suspicious of Israeli aircraft hit residential neighborhoods and other Loghidi Damascus.
Today, March 7, 2023
* * At least four Palestinians have been killed and dozen wounded by the Israeli army projects after the employment forces took the refugee camp of Jenin today in the north of the West Bank. 
The Jenin brigade and other Palestinian armed groups of the city said which involving the Israeli soldiers in heavy armed clashes.
Special units have hidden in civilians to take the field to assault the home, states the report. "Military vehicles accompanied by Bulldozer followed the civil car to besiege the field".
Ties Italy-Israel: always in the center(Eni/ Eastmed gas pipeline and next Attack against Iran?) 
 From the Ants site: this kind of contacts, at this moment, lead Italy to be part of the discussion on Iran. The Americans would have been caught because they fear that Israel can really think of launching a surprise unattacco against Iran without coordinating first with Washington -even less with other allies. And therefore it is worth remembering that according to UNOSCOOP by HAARETZ released these days, Azerbaijan could allow Israel to use its aviation fields in the event of an attack against Iranian nuclear lenses . It would be part of the military cooperation between the Hyduous countries, thanks for the support received in the Nagorno-Karabakh. Ilmossad would already have a spying outpost on the territory.
It is not surprising, but it is also worth remembering that Azerbaijan is Unpaese that provides gases to Italy and if it were to be involved in Israeli Urtacco against Iran could undergo retaliation by the Islamic republic. Retaliation that would inevitably put Italian energy security risks("put at risk", even if it is not said that the possibility is fulfilled). Baku non conferma questo genere dicoinvolgimento.
ENI e il gasdotto EastMed in Israele: 
Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, will be in Italy on 9 Marzoper to meet Giorgia Meloni, president of the Council. 
Rome. Netanyahu is not welcome to Italy!Thursday 9 March event 
 We raise our voice of denunciation and condemnation against the Israeli aggressions and imassacri towards the Palestinian people.
*We denounce the accomplice silence and the unacceptable tolerance of Europe and the international community towards the criminal policy of the Israeli rulers.
stopapartheid #freepalestine 
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-7-marzo-il-governo-meloni-al-fianco.html 
Rally in Hamburg: Stop the imperialist mega projects on Tehuantepec in Mexico! 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-07T18:10:14+00:00
Images: []
Tags: None
Category: None
We share a call from the b undisis against imperialist aggression(Gain)from Hamburg. The call has been sent to us . 
Stops the imperialist mega projects on the ISTHMUS from Tehuantepec Inmexico! 
For years, Tehuantepec's isthmus has been in the state of Oaxaca in the Suden Von -Mexico fire stove. The reason for this are enormous mega projects that are raised by the imperialists in the region. Large wind farms from foreign corporations have been built in the region for years. In addition, the so -called interocean corridor of the Isthmus Vontehuantepec(Ciit)built. This is a rail traffic connection that is built by the imperialists in order to transport good between the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. The main investor in the project is the Spanish imperialism, but German corporations are also involved in the construction of this people anti -people.
For the Mexican people, these imperialist mega projects bring only and only destruction and death. The population is terrorized, displaced and murdered. The Mexican state fully serves the interests of the imperialists and enforces them using paramilitar murder gangs. As well as on January 29, 2023, when heavily armed paramilitars, on behalf of the major landowner, fell into the municipality of Rincon Tagolaba, threatened residents, destroy them and even destroy them and even shot.
Despite the terrorist of the reaction, the residents, the poor farmers and the folk movements cannot be cheated on - on the contrary. At the beginning of February sow at a meeting of the Rote Sonne - a revolutionary volks movement that runs the fight against the mega projects on the isthmus of Tehuantepecunermudlich - the resistance is decent and clear that the fighter continued. In internationalist solidarity, we want to fight the fellow mexico here too and call for an end to the empire of the imperialist mega projects, an end to the participation of German corporations Aminterocean corridor of the ISTHMUS von Tehuantepec(Ciit)And an end of Destror against the Mexican people!Therefore comes together with us on Diesstraße:
rally: 13. m Arz 2023 | 7 p.m. | S-Bahn station Sternschanze 
B Undnis against imperialist aggression __
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7526-kundgebung-in-hamburg-stoppt-die-imperialistischen-megaprojekte-am-isthmus-von-tehuantepec-in-mexiko 
Activities the past week 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: Earn Folk Media has received pictures of the slogan "Proletary Feminism for Communism!" which is set up in Bergen and posters in Kristiansand for studies of "Marxism, Mariátegu…
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T19:56:22+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-07T19:56:24+00:00
Images: [' Foto-3.png ', ' DObqvpkHebI1HQp_kX6DCDeyDa-UuC0vuBZkD6bh_RAVaFBu2MpGyWLxrW0-uKfyL8ZL-thvGBkSk8QoRP3VmoYvPVmu3sKrARTe9aguOpwXimFDGbuz4bJ5rOdOOn4RqoFCiTC7YfFwvPJVh0W3nX0 ', ' b54-E7__SiH9rl7nytBDY_7KwOw7RzVaIG2cZyzHsRiO-TgzK4oM9T2vOPNKHX17sy8yyJQAwMq-0DAaDj1_0lAj20AesBosUrQ9Fl_-o7JLIUJ1m9NFpyPTsrGhXiWxt8Jvx2V-G15ePRdNqw16BA4 ', ' 9MNRHyFNARJaXaekanmw_hK6XHaXwwcoN2869zvb4qJmR0fsUOM1CWoThw-GUPQbt5vP50JwSYtU4MjpVTcgb8AwoR9zQuErQW69SOTmJOKqHk78CERwadYZtuQoCS2B8YAYXJuTeq05GoliCZCI42E ', ' GSMIGT1Z1mMVuPBP8oluLkFJ8_d9Qo9Vmn8RO12Lnecn_yEVAEpnWyvtwyif08T45rWb1XrPAzUze6wvOJw2Dckn6PX43U-jCVS6L__dg6Cptp6NL6IJjAEZlDQTCpBUA0DBh7w_YSquhOkPsR8n2Ro ', ' rete_d1cNDA4AXH7LgrM6e_OLsUzcB4Zj2mR5NIfSI62ewYkb02ULmgIAUMyf85mKH0m5zyqBsi6cTg8gho86Tf1dcfOenzMUmOjW-riPv7zns2ncDkzqScjbHBBr2O5mU4Tpb57ZmrU-FJ6_lc1EVM ', ' yNYIbUZ96uprWgRNYx8MNp9kmjwiEEOF23Hvpdv8l4N9Nk_frIFlxuvASwxProlYMwmS-kT1D76zVjwnBGy4qfzP3Xpr5flUMBt7gt3rmkmUeDKhIpoUR4eF6S_NJwPWoR9OrfDHPEOR5iVB2n0eHOU ', ' h0jsa55LuhP7Qv2MNA8Rn3ONsAGgV7iX42_6i6frR8koYhI1wV95DYoaSK1o4fePv5E08ky7TJoxcHFCCXQ7bzhVDNTuI1gJ0cAq3KcOWaVpNFZvg3LW_2VwiuC7Z9RLhm316QxjtJfJlhyyesSLwn8 ', ' 3VdAvImF4L0h6kKEoyRjQL8rLBYMR9HzO7dVlpw4K6fuc1fiqzmdNbHWtx4_POXmsC6IjxhV_VnHhSKx8hSNHBwhyVbzcfDDq845eO6E7OG7IwSDMGfGncgdyRs_dNXz7zZ9do_xfdBfuS3_B3eMhNs ', ' I02cqLZrpUgHHIjuRPDf8GMU-3cWyFdvEZkE0GchDx5Bwkt9960WpgQ_jFNDsz4RlICNyTB0C6UxzKMQzsUgUvu52xPlPC_YoPntjsq_5GmZr16zSKv64cL0b6aOTiCftMDoCWLUTI9rgng9he_XJPM ', ' Za24BvbuuNz0maDVQQeWcSTS6BbIgwCgnTop8rAQ8GCExeMD7ryHN8I7-qFm9-gUMO5sSSLAFXYNtnO_UQ2bhqcvqwnbu7RaJg34n4azNzx2DmIxfHZk7K9q5-C2jAD6GQV2WdYDOfWnWEZSOyB3MyI ', ' Q8BgV3g0EhuEBJgRZRU7N6d6topKfe4i5qjqlno1uY0MGkz0VfDq19MtnsBz8anqKV-htNIfAP-IXdGIlC-T6i4dWJO0mfj0Jqx62xa-Mb2nZM6W_KuN0etc9P_V6_H3TnIcLBmJFKDH-UpRGt9WsCI ', ' nkYttVk8TM5Ais9HqxBOeERvyOhCb_G6-jnd_0DeDk7g5EpQnCd9jT91be4SV0CoiCDVPUCW27Wd5Vo1n1XgbJHADKiYOs9E3nzqS8exJb6m4bDTZ8Pa5fCDYtGopoQfeuiOain_sgC_JItRyMklR5g ', ' ibd22srSyPQYgrBM-EcWJKZoOowEogXWQummUH5vUdT9tv3FvdlIXqxVU9AOJqzAwU6gv7cAMFmTNtx73XjBGYTxN7M9L1MFtHCk04nlCrelr4A2kJUQf-_6noaGDlvV6LY38J3Z2VFOm3VJwnRiI3Y ', ' xIQk-Vpg4fTleY3yvanfvUFpqt3OryselhwvFYjlO1ohb8yPP8ozG9l2SnmkVx6UyKYUrF7cAVb3JSp9pcv_QowvRbCl-nCU-Hv3n3H6OuUx92KoNMTPw-0v7JEItpmFmRVFXUIH4v8giUYmwm40RFU ', ' pVwrAc60IhU9phwsnxgs7iOyydUsfe6y32Gl7sxjwqCjLcPMvIbSKbBAflg5T0bc1s9DR2kk5IvQsp2RpBhiuhG2QBgVHqqKtf6v1_SlLCuVQQimq62qPHhzlC5-aQVlhQik7WwQjZC5aeUDTjiH5BE ', ' KkUCKXJ5sYLgXvf0YG7m73c_G_RFtqUv2lcW1rVZbvT-ieITVbrNqjWGhdOruOLwo1LOWEfBJGLsLt2AyI50x6tkyppf0pTdK3AElEegE4ojGKZB9WqgeM7R8RERCEruZG9Uj85_gExiS-q2zvpAGdU ', ' q1NKVpX9CFxKYXTCM5PUQqtTG0IjsMuNni_TKu0gf-dQWz25ac2Sxh76mXT1LSR4d8odB6g4l-8M610sgQcJVoo5L3QFO8MqUFraBLjtqbIVvt8PqZ1M2-Jj_lWDjo5fIGHWojfkgCPu9u-ap1dn6-k ', ' _65haDlKlJRzqyP7KOYEVQQXJe73KcPMMJALFPksZfauKL_id5YjzqsPquCnqj9P168csTOzPj5Kz0H9_ou04zgiNHjYUg6SgcmP_1_On3_0syB26uW7kcfrb5hNbBXYq5NqO5qODLKWOcFfC1t7YA4 ', ' hAlLWw1j3DVclk32BQktKxogWHvY5HEQFiT6RcS3QPmn1moFEMkyWyuL5-RPKDyq00q5ETjreiqAOffQZNsGpMPhpo7MvG4ScdSA7SimA135wncKHpDqNBGnvvrMoKWqWLEF_S_YeimAfyMLWfqDKgo ', ' bn5ne-XxTHtPQ8CZAD2Ni1CnSnprTAWtyuzwjrOCn-yQtsVkvxk01qIMF0hRBpm6GV6ykMHDdB_Pc1EC9eCm3tyG3VngJ0tihLy7JUm_QgeGjos54PbyG_FPYfcxmKvpPIka7DdbhgXUcrt-a6YkYy0 ', ' 2VuLIkQLr5TEpcQoXql_nVGmHSwLhOwDoPdy2KGdXtUtB2YNX8S4RxPJzaOfDv2ZjU2HC7GDcj9H5cDLyZPpGJEiSkwnZfBWvZXOSrPG-p1w6BvjQJjpc6qMNDkhFkNhRjJCC7tnc4xPNScapCIMQWo ', ' UTPmFcLKDsSX7Xuj2bvwFZHoi87FnJFgR2YxkPtfVw6ooeCuTBxtEEclWANCLCVrOMGiqNreZEvL3Skg0__CH-Z3Ar_RJsUoS6_T3_jUcq1OQuEeNGQ4dX8La5rcXjM-8-k1ATvj81w3ctWlSGewSDA ', ' ovYolwi56PFkBw9tNNbiqRRxaRHGQxhCLvZvwnBX06Oewjrs5K8emfEB5N3Aovx17HAKMnq6M1DFTJ1IS2HMYZemk3Wj7Md4rCv3G1BG9qhAQpleVkHA5WGzviCz13SoRsR42JgSnhe1BTzzrELok0Y ', ' VjT2UqDTkAwk2KucEFz68empNncyt1anTZoCHLHs6FWRf5k83Z23vqDWpCztDAd6CBbJ-yDYPzllMi5ZzKXSPBttZ3CGPy-Id-LgFgDgU5V-5gqekA8izg2s7srnwgIdiWE0B-Vecw5fhAAcNlYw368 ', ' 6oA8uTq4HVSrt04_12nzOYyohBr8q4BB8d86A-hCsiuaTX-hU2gxlII5sK1j2JVVlM2kvXByPdWl4nyGsWDMFC1tniiWSA2VMJQMq15LILuRxZdPX3sUW2NQOqgbGNSPRP-K0jXY5IOvfftjv6z-Ilw ', ' FaBZ6W7qdxgji_LnOT6_X9AWMN8a5zkJLR1fb7vS97mjkRF1ht9Y8-ASXuPmWKZTzIdfYVyPkvati8GGrCHSAlOtI5o_uU1EIypbqUro5SXCcunezWloP5Xo2ZQCzOj3PYUL3GOaJYtymyveZy3VuWw ', ' OEJeSAFBnsK5zNIiu2BxuEanP97mgppRJ48bL9c8DEX3-ediJjReq2prVQLXhh8iQjN7lRFwPmVrYdsGp331wP8rw-bCjG8ibszzK-9kUoWHAzLSZmGBv164csDzCFaT6KePOlkdSE27ILwuw1QAiWg ', ' Bsw57MpX809wko7OiNkrHsvW7noWxfWC7WT_UxkNSKlGaw3fxNRHglvXX2p8J3xxoPCmEpk6T2zC7P4VKgNDjfoN5UrfUqUs51ctzv0CHWnEGnpsUpIMy7CuEKiaqAJB9lNaOO5ap7cbbqx84WKhyQM ', ' HoIKrXJv2lnm0jR5F9eGkHdgcX7o9cop1Fq0xVGu-OD_t2S8f6q7CLydiaIld8LZINCMGoeqNeXQoQSs449cqAjatuURCTCUYI6ODTaF0X96Gp2R_BNa_aBYKE-pjzctc0Pe20Ig3Tlk-Gy0kBqjvE4 ', ' rGRvVesT2eJ1Eiza1nK5zap5Ct8o5Eo1IrhztKwYPojaLgor08VwCtfVMYZ1nEKeGyGwbMBVLpDWJsgQVjT50MlGxfFWFgSgeGiAuqseOgL4dspB1MIsCbmymgAtDdXhp41UGuHBFW5iA_okFM2Zwqw ', ' hoguWtzdZrvzdEi8_ZB7oZzhnEsCpI_sLWVdLjnSBykYP278aw42ea4U0rrINS5996QJgyApEPnfqUVnKwf114mMH46vf7fgBZAFJnpjSuYlpRNbIJ2HuBe7Yum-YOQjfvGOP15zZ0AmB2C8_Wn-oVg ', ' hAO7uxIyx5xTZaur9sE1st3qvwsDEjHmk7yNfmKHP4SQkePKIoodzYPJ4LwIx7uokauB8RzPHIxjTmuluy3FyhbR0Epef9FCBwJ8rTDDJz0vEYybw5rMPgu2tfi_3aM4MLpEY6K2GqdBiqTRL6J3EWs ', ' srzfbjGT9ajUOq7TQmS9rQqSBnCMFevucBJdKrGUwtVv3s3y40c47YFUfsR19FKMqTJzBcEJdgx_jCN4cTSblEEldKWFDIYtSVkLSP8E3fMkVi3Vr03T0dvoFSfK3lr-S_PweybA9rBTgy3lFhedrDY ', ' S-fxDRcW0fbQVkjtWjIjoEz7vyZOppO4uQsmjbPKU71LrBc_td7vhywKKXPCBSSDAWEf56TPEyv0qg7Ms_DKFsLkPAr6Nid3qXzK585uOfMHuE9eIQOrRKTVVRjTT9C3HncyIxENPYmgKgLxrew1bPI ', ' izqXFNCwg889SBB97yZmsG2osy09anjjk_c1aGcsbic52uh3c4vpVr91wKNgRF_q-78nwLNXohFqj6qOWxml-5nCg8yZC1Co0V206p5n4bIPuBpiaZaY3eTJrswIPYR1GQe37xyvHRyP3J6D8ZF44zI ', ' hVxu1JsmlL5-8Zv7HSW1wnqiMDIKGsY-PLG_mDXXoT6JP2GJUu0X7d5BHVBRuIRHJrzinEDKtwxqG5SCH38yW3NbuuYUdQR35Vp2HLBsw_WnmKtwplnxGlNfjgw9_NkVpKg4HVc75i0MTf_wBbunCEY ', ' m-_CV3QF7LRTE-Net0IdDViPM4YfgGAwDU3n_rrmfCOcGklWZ0AyWIOy9Scbl1Y3Ltf7bbfsCpCxbu0tHzNhmpqMah2yvT42CR6dRRDqEBpdoy2EigEnsBDOfKI5QU3b-q4VTxARHJnidV_dJxyl0w4 ', ' XVYUJkSfEB0Vwb9DUpAZnftcHu7WkXC_NuMhsfoACgUl3aSmlB1JvLS1wMme-zRDDwJNhFaQXzTQn6_rHz9mQmxV8rEn9sa5Lvnwyq0b0sdxwsxqWOQ12ByGaBhJXRSlD3mqD8O4WBbe-40wRFTla6w ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Aktiviteter'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

Earn Folket Media has received pictures of the slogan "Proletary Feminism for Communism!" which is set up in Bergen and posters in Kristiansand for the study of "Marxism, Mariátegui and the Women's Movement". . March. 
Contents
Bergen: graffiti for March 8 
The slogan "proletarian feminism for communism!" Together with Hammer and Sigder painted right in the center of Bergen.
  
KRISTIANSAND: Join the studies of Marxism, Mariátegui and the woman movement! 
Activists from the Red Front have set up posters in the center of Kristiansand Co -request to join in study.
"Marxism, Mariátegui and the Women's Movement" is a work of Peru's Communist Party, led by chairman Gonzalo. It has had great
meaning, and is used to this day as guidance for the Communist's
Women's work in countries all over the world. "Marxism, Mariátegui and the woman movement" is a guide to politicizing, mobilizing and organizing the women's women in a revolutionary women's movement. The text explains the women's oppression has occurred, why it exists, and how denkan and must be crushed as part of the proletariat's liberation.
Interested parties can contact the red front at rodfront@protonmail.com.
TRONDHEIM: Demonstration against animal time and Russia's war against Ukraine 
On Saturday, March 4, a demonstration was held in Trondheim against the Animal Time of Odrussia against Ukraine. The fighting committee, revolutionary communists Ognkp was connected to the markings.
Activists lined up with banners in front of the stage at the square in the center of Trondheim, and appeals were held by representatives from revolutionary communists and the campaign committee. Support was expressed for the Ukrainian people's fair fight against Russia's imperialist attack war. At the same time, the at background was established for the war is the imperialist rivalry between the United States, and that the so-called "help" NATO country sends to the Zelenskyj regimetics come for free. In both appeals, it was also emphasized that the workers and poor people pay the price for the crisis in capitalism.
    
kristiansand: Live the struggle of the Sami people 
On Saturday, March 4, the combat committee, together with a number of other organizations, organized a support mark for the shareholders who have protested the Department of Obilities and Energy in Oslo, which has been carried away by the police, fined and arrested.
The markings were also in support of the rights of the Sami people, the headwind turbines at Fosen, against the government, which for over 500 days ignored the judgment from the Supreme Court who said the wind turbines affect the reindeer to such an extent to the right of the At the At the Attam. .
Several appeals were held on the square, and the markings ended with a train through the center.
OSLO: Meeting for March 8 
4 . Mars was the fighting committee of arranging a meeting on the working women's day. More Iranian organizations participated, including: Solidarity with the Revolutioni Iran, Iranian Kurdistans Komala party, the Middle East Group Alna district, Hiwa(Hope)Organization, the women's committee in Komala-Norway, Komala Kurdistance Organization by Iran's Communist Party, Iran's working communist party, Iran's working communist party-hekmatist.
The meeting was opened with an instrumental of the international. It was performed music, shown clips from Iran and gave several posts and speaks in Norwegian, Farsi and Kurdisk. Sandwiches and cakes were served and the room was filled with listeners and participants. It was a good atmosphere and the participants left the meeting with enthusiasm for8. March.
   
posters: Out on the street March 8! 
In the past week, posters have been set up for the Martial Committee's markings 8. MARRIBLE PLACES IN THE COUNTRY. The match committee poses with passwords in the March 8 train ioslo, Bergen, Trondheim and Kristiansand, and encourages people who will help to participate with them to make contact , or show up at their meetings and markings:
Oslo: 17.00 in Greenland square. Bergen: 19.00 by the blue stone. Trondheim: 16.30 at the top of Nordre gate. Kristiansand: 16.30 at Torvet.

Grünerløkka, Oslo 
phrase Vennesla 
     #
CHEET AND LILLESTRØM 
    #
Kristiansand 
  #
Trondheim References Trondheim: Demonstration against animal time and Russia's attack war against Ukraine Kristiansand: Live the Sami folk struggle Oslo: Meeting for March 8 [Posters: Out on the street March 8!)(https://kampkomiteen.net/?p=5861) 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/07/aktiviteter-den-siste-uka-22/ 
Mountains in Kalinga, bombed by the AFP 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T96:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The jet fighters of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) have no-bombed the mountainous part of the barangay Acts in Balbalan, Kalinga around 2am on March 5.
Images: [' balbalan-kalinga-helicopter-bombing.jpg ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 NO-BELIEVE BOMED BY JET FIGHTER OF THE ARMED FORCES OF THEEPHILIPPINES(AFP)The mountainous part of the barangay works in Balbalan, Kalinga around 2am on March 5.
According to the preliminary Cordillera Human Rights Alliance report(Chra), in the towns of Upper Tabuk and alms the noise of the fighter jets. Residents in the area also saw the drones of the barbeys. In the morning, two helicopters turned around.
Apart from the terrorist terror that was brought to the civilian communities of AFP weapons, the soldiers illegally arrested nine residents of the village and codcodwe of Barangay Acts. Two of them are shepherding laundry. The seven others rescued them were also arrested. ILIGALALSANG DISTINESS SEVEN.
Chra added that military troops are still hosting the town of Balbalan who is feared to bring about human rights violations. There is also a Howitzer in Sitio Guesang, Poblacion facing Sabarangay Acts.
The group called for a continuous focus and investigating the incident to ensure the security and well-being of civilian communities.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/kabundukan-sa-kalinga-binomba-ng-afp/ 
Poor organizer in Rizal, arrested; another, harassing 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T97:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Police and armed state forces arrested Anakpawis-Rizal organizer Arnel Bueza at 12:30 am at his home in Sitio Tibagan, Barangay Dolores, Tayt
Images: [' human-rights-arrest-detention-1024x659.png ']
Categories: ['Human Rights']
Type: article
 Police and armed state forces arrested Banak-Rizal organizer Arnel Bueza at 12:30 am in a home in Sitio Tibagan, Barangay Dolores, Taytay, Rizal. The arrests of the arrests were unlucky. He was taken to CIDGPADILLA, Antipolo.
In the process of being released by his neighbors, Bueza's policeman could see the police from the house. His relatives even begged him to be arrested because there was no sin in the law.
State forces have already tasted the arrest of activists and civilians in unfortunate time to hide their human rights violations.
Meanwhile, the right-Rizal group reported that the military's presence continued within Sitio Tibagan where residents were being threatened, threatened to fear.
In addition, the right-rizal fights have been reported to be a case of pressure Roberto Marquez. Police entered the house and threatened Marquez and his family in Sitio Sumilang, Barangay San Jose, Antipolo on March 6.
According to the report, since March 2, police have repeatedly traveled and went to Marquez at home and his work. Included in a capt. Abcede is one of those involved in this crime. Simarquez was forced to go with them without any documentary.
In addition to the right-Rizal, the presence of uniformed and uniformed police in the community continues.
Marquez was harassed by the police for his involvement in the fight against a landlord who seized their land in the world.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/organisador-ng-maralita-sa-rizal-inaresto-isa-pa-ginigipit/ 
Frankfurt kills capitalism, not an earthquake, “ Rally organized 
Author: ['muhabirmehmet']
Time: 2023-03-07T97:00:00-04:00
Description: Frankfurt | 06.03.2023 | Atik, YDG and the new woman 's call & quot; Capitalism kills, not an earthquake ...
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-06-at-20.46.20-464x330.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Frankfurt | 06.03.2023 | A rally took place with the motto of Atik, YDG and the new woman, "not an earthquake, but capitalism kills". In the action where the information is made for the audience and the ads are distributed, it is read;
„Despite all the painlessness of the earthquake in Turkey, Kurdistan and Syria, it revealed one more thing; In the whole world, solidarity of the unseen earthquake victims of an unprecedented dimension were revealed. This culture of international solidarity teaches many things historically. The international unity of the peoples and workers was re -strengthened by this culture of material and spiritual solidarity. Therefore, as Democratic International forces, we should evaluate this solidarity ultimately as a leverage and historical period for the destruction of the AKP-MHP coalition, which is responsible for this mass massacre. "said.
The action was then terminated with the slogan "Long live the International Solidarity".
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/frankfurtta-deprem-degil-kapitalizm-oeldueruer-mitingi-duezenlendi 
Consecutive harasmment operations, BHB-West Camarines Sur 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Twin harassment operations were raised by units of the New People's Army (NPA) -West Camarines Sur on February 28. It hit two military detachments in the town of Ragay, Camari
Images: [' negros_to-1024x502.jpg ']
Categories: ["People's War"]
Type: article
 Twin harassment operations are dumped by new army units(BHB)-West Camarines Sur on February 28. It hit the military twodetatment in the town of Ragay, Camarines Sur.
The Red fighters first fired the detachment in Barangay Bayabandang at 12:30 pm. This was a attack on the detachment Sabarangay Patongon at 1:10 pm.
The Barangay Patalunan and Baya are just a barangay, which has the presence of fascist and bloody soldiers of the 81st IB.
According to the NPA-West Camarines SRU, the military detachment in Barangay Baya was located at the Barangay Center next to the elementary school, but in 2021 it was moved to Sitio Okwaw of both barangays in the middle of the house. Similarly, the Saban Sabatan Patient Camp is placed near the center to make civilians "humanshield".
According to the NPA unit, the armed action was a response to the request of the residents in the area due to increasing cases of human rights violations that result in severe fear and concern for the villagers.
In recent months, civilians faced the interrogation, intimidation and psywar. Miliar targets suspected members and helps in NPA. Not a few cases were recorded when it was forced to summon the reident inside the military camp.
The soldiers are also leading anti-social activities such as drinking, gambling and more. It also has cases of the seizure of the spouse and young people who have been exposed to the area.
The occupation of the military in the center of the communities is against international humanitarian law and the Comprehensive Agreement on Respect Formum Rights and International Humanitarian Law or CARHRIHL.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/magkasunod-na-operasyong-harasmment-inilunasd-ng-bhb-west-camarines-sur/ 
WEST-CAMARINES SUR military action, successful! 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-07T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: Two Tim of the New People's Army-Norben Gruta Command-West Camarines Sur has successfully launched the Sabayan Punalo Action at the 81st IBPA CAFGU Detachment. On February 28, 2023 Gan
Images: [' npa-west-camarines-sur-map-1024x576.png ']
Categories: ["People's War"]
Type: article
 Two Tims of the New People's Army-Norben Grutacommand-West Camarines Sur have successfully launched the same massacre action at the 81st IBPA Cafgudetachment.
On February 28, 2023 at 12:28 pm a Rifle ATM203 Granade Launcher of the NPA Tim fired at the detachment of Barangay Baya, Ragay, Camarines Sur. On the same day, at 1:10 pm another Tim of the NPA fired the detachment of the 81st IB CAFGU Sabarangay Patongon of the same town. Meanwhile, the Tim who took the punishment was safe and efficient.
The Barangay Patalunan and Baya are just a neighboring village where both of the fascist and bloody soldiers of the 81st IBPA have a presence.
The 81st IBPA CAFGU detachment in Barangay Baya was previously located in the Barangay Center next to the elementary school, but in 2021 it was moved to Sitio Okwaw of the same village, which is also in the middle of the world. The same is true of the Barangay Barangay Camp that is placed near the center to make the villagers a defendant.
The Action of the CAFGU elements under the 81st IBPA Associated by the Norben Gruta Command at the request of residents in the area as a result of human rights violations and violence in the area which result village.
Repeated interrogation, intimidation and psy-war on NPA's suspected members and links such as calling civilians within their camp. There is a drink of alcohol in households, gambling, Gambling and ID asking for those found in the fields when there is no evidence of character is suspected of members of NGNPA and are subject to interrogation. It also has cases of marriage and young people who have been seized in the area.
The citizens of the area hate the fascist and bloody 81st IBPA Sapanghal interference in the area and providing chaos. The crimes and violations of human rights among residents provide conditions to prove that they are not the true army of the oppressed people and exploited.The experience has also proven that the presence of the presence of the AFP is not helpful to the people but it is the number one advocate of the reactionary government of violence, prostitution and the people's rights.
The Norben Gruta Command is calling on all citizens of Camarines Sur to unite with the NPA and to expose the violence and fascist of the AFP under the current US-Marcos II regime.
The New People's Army under the Norben Gruta Command will always be willing to defend his servant of oppressed citizenship.#
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/statements/sabayang-aksyong-militar-sa-west-camarines-sur-matagumpay/ 
Solidarity work in Tampere (5.3) 
Author: mats
Time: 2023-03-07T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' kuva1.png ', ' kuva2.png ', ' kuva3.png ', ' kuva4.png ', ' kuva5.png ']
Categories: ['Yleinen']
 On a cold Sunday(5.3)Tampere saw a warm -hearted activity, and the friends of the Brazilian Brazil organized a solidarity demonstration against the murders of the Brazilian peasants. The original publication is available on the Uusbrasil website, it can be found here .
Tampere: Solidaarisuutta vallankumouksellisille talonpojille Brasiliassa 
Uuden Brasilian ystävät järjestivät sunnuntaina (5.3)Tampere Solidarity of the demonstration to support the poor peasants of Brazil, because inbrazil only continues the union of poor peasants(Poor Dos Camponese Liga [LCP])contrary to the activity.
 In Finland, too, many kind -hearted people put great hope for it as a "friend" and "Labor President" advertised by Luiz Inácio Lula Dasilva(Lula)Won the country in the lead in the elections. Now we can find that the right change in the Lula administration will not bring, as the entire Brazilian-old state is entirely employed by farm gentlemen and imperialists, mainly in the employment of Yankee imperialism, as well as many other Latti American states. This is also an essential reason why more and more poor peasants have settled on the election brigade. They have been aware that voting, bourgeois and farmland's state elections will never be distributed to the country's boys. The position of the LCP is that the only way to get the country to get their farmers is an agrarian revolution, as part of the entire Brazilian comprehensive democratic revolution.
 
 In order to oppose all of this and support the fighting of poor peasants, the friends of Uusenbrazil in Tampere organized a demonstration in Tampere. The new Brazilian friends distributed leaflets to troops at the event, many of which received a leaflet in the mind. In addition, it was heard how the troops, enthusiastic, talked about the demonstration of the demonstration of the Brazilian revolutionary. The demonstration also heard a speech that highlighted the old Brazilian state attacking offender.
If you would like to join the new Brazilian friends, please contact us by email: neo -brasilia@riseup.net
viva a lcp! 
 
News Source: https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2023/03/07/solidaarisuustyota-tampereella-5-3/ 
Atik-upot; „ Freedom for political prisoners “ 
Author: ['muhabirmehmet']
Time: 2023-03-07T99:00:00-04:00
Description: News Center | 07.03.2023 | Atik-upotak, 18 March International Political Products Day did ...
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-07-at-08.55.21-620x330.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-07-at-08.55.07-212x300.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 News Center | 07.03.2023 | Atik-upotak, 18 March International Political Prisoners' Day, in many countries of the world because of the fact that thousands of people have been imprisoned and subjected to heavy torture and asked for freedom to political prisoners.
‘The army of political prisoners is being created’ 
In the statement, as a result of the crises created by the existing system in many countries, the managers draw attention to the contradictions between the rulers  Upotak, in many countries, thousands of people were imprisoned because of their thoughts, said that he was subjected to heavy collaborations and said:
“Every year on March 18, the international political prisoners day, many people in the world because of the thoughts of thousands of people is confronted and subjected to heavy -up. Because the crisis in the system is intensifying day by day. As a result, the contradictions between the days and the ruled people are increasingly becoming more and more. Therefore, in many countries of the world, attacks on social opponents are also increasing. The pressure on those who criticize the system and express its reaction with various activities and activities is increasing with new legal reasons. Existing security laws, meetings and demonstrations and many other laws that set fundamental rights are hardened every day.
In many countries, social opposition forces, actions of actions against these attacks of the system, workers and peasant strikes, and organizing strong resistance with activities advocating nature. The result is imprisoned under heavy torture, hundreds of thousands of people around the world, closed to prisons. They are added to the new day by adding new ones. ”
‘Conditions in prisons are becoming increasingly heavy’ ‘Enemy law is applied to prisoners’ 
Underlining that the system is seen as enemies of enemy laws for political prisoners in prisons, who do not think of him, who do not think like himself and who are against the system, underlined that they have been exposed to all kinds of attacks, pressure, torture and massacre. The penalty is expected.
Special practices for the pioneers of the revolutionary struggle are sunberry. In Iran, thousands of people were imprisoned after the mass uprising and exposed to torture. Many people lost their lives as a result of intense attacks on condemn the coup in Peru, hundreds of people were arrested and arrested. The black panther movement in the United States, Mmumia Abu-Jamal, Palestinian Freedom Resistances, France for many years Georges Abdallah and Ahmad Saadat, India, Dr. Gn Saibaba, Kurdistan Freedom Movement leader Abdullah Öcalan and Turkish prisons are imposed on tens of thousands of political prisoners.
‘attacks are also increasing in European countries’ 
In the opening of the prisons in European countries, domestic and migratory revolutionaries increased the attacks, the upotak said, the following statements:
“In European countries, attacks on domestic and immigrant revolutionaries are intensified. Especially in many countries, especially in Germany and France, the new laws of many countries, the forces that criticize and encounter the imperialist capitalist system are attacked in street actions, arrested for years in prisons. Based on the German Constitution 129 A and the Bbend, for many years of imprisonment for migrant revolutionaries fighting the fascist basis in their own countries. Especially Kurdistan and Turkish revolutionaries are mostly subjected to this attack. Dozens of revolutionary Germany are now being held in prisons. ”
ım Let's announce the sound of the prisoners in the fields ’ 
In the last part of the extension, the via violations of human rights in prisons asked for freedom to the upothered, tumpotic prisoners who called on the sound of all domestic and immigrant organizations to create public opinion in Europe and shout the voice of detainees in the streets.
International Symposium 
On the other hand, an international symposium on 18 March 2023 by UPOTDAK in Stuttgart will become an international symposium on the Day of Political Prison.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/atik-upotudak-politik-tutsaklara-oezguerluek 
8 m: We stop and march 
Author: carga
Time: 2023-03-07T99:00:00-04:00
Head Description: On March 8, International Women's Day, we feel our claims throughout the country. Debt and lack of justice remains with us
Description: 1. International Day of Workers Women at the exit of this edition, March 8, millions of women in our country and worldwide win the streets again, with all their claims. In Argentina, women's struggle has been avant -garde of popular struggle. Because of its double oppression are & Hellip;
Images: [' Con-el-ejemplo-de-las-queridas-camaradas-Clelia-Iscaro-y-Keiko....jpg ']
Type: article
 #### 1. International Day of Women Workers 
At the exit of this edition, March 8, millions of women in our country and in everyone win the streets again, with all their claims. Enargentina The struggle of women has been avant -garde of popular struggle. Porsu Double oppression are the ones that suffer the most the weight of emergency supernuestro people where gender violence progresses and the femicides multiply. They are the ones that suffer from labor discrimination, which put the popular dining rooms to go to the hunger crossing that grows between them below.
They are also those that with their tireless struggle conquered the Voluntary Interruption Law of pregnancy(IVE). Las que luchan para que lasgrandes empresas y las barriadas populares tengan jardines materno-paternalesgratuitos siguiendo el ejemplo de las y los trabajadores de Mondelez yAstilleros Río Santiago. Las que en las calles reclaman por la declaración dela Emergencia de género con un presupuesto acorde y real, y por refugios entodo el país para mujeres víctimas de violencia.
Son esas mujeres que estuvieron en la primera línea de la lucha contra lapandemia, con miles de promotoras de salud y promotoras en violencia de géneroque al mismo tiempo que trabajan al servicio del pueblo luchan por sureconocimiento efectivo.
Un movimiento de mujeres que fue capaz de construir 35 Encuentros de mujeres yse prepara para el número 36 en Bariloche, enfrentando las maniobrasdivisionistas de distintos sectores de las clases dominantes.
Desde nuestro PCR y su JCR en todo el país trabajamos para que en cada lugarde trabajo se realicen paros de mujeres y actividades de lucha por susreivindicaciones. Impulsamos la más amplia unidad en las marchas de todo elpaís, con la consigna central: “La deuda y la falta de justicia sigue siendocon nosotras”.
2. Ante los asesinatos irrumpe la respuesta popular 
The drug groups were expanding in Rosario and disputes grow by territories and "squeezes" for markets with a result ofdiarities.
As the comrades of the Santa Fe regional, on the coasts of Rosario, “Argentina bleed through the Barrancas del Paraná” say, and not bleed only by the elderly to which they submit that complex of landowners and imperial monopolies linked to the export of cereals, each with Its portsprivated, where they do and undo at will. It is not just what they take out, but that is where the largest volume of drugs from Paraguay ybrasil arrives. To that we must add the drug that goes down the Route 34 from Bolivia.
With great hypocrisy, the macro right and the big media used a dissemination of the mafia attack on a supermarket from the Antonelaroccuzzo family, Lionel Messi's companion, where they fired 14 bullets and left them, only to justify repressive policies and without talking about how much drugs so much drug To that region. Of private ports and export monopolysters or a word.
Patricia Bullrich raised the participation of the Armed Forces. The only thing that would achieve is that what has already happened with the SantaFecina police and part of the federal forces that, corrupt to the Caracú, went through this infamous business.
There is no way to advance against drug trafficking without investigating this and the negotiated informed, including real estate, used to "bleach" drug money. Because as fellow Carlos del Frade says without "money laundering" there can be no narconegocio.
A part of the drug is in Rosario and much goes to the United States Yeuropa. That is one of the reasons why the demonopolies for the control of the so -called "hydrovy" and that the Yankees are install in Paraguay to try to control it with the participation of the DEA(YANQUI DRUG CONTROL ADMINISTRATION THAT FIGHT AGAINST CRAFICANTS THAT DOES NOT CONTROL).
Nunca hay que olvidarse que, con la derrota de Estados Unidos en Vietnam, en1973, el Estado yanqui destruyó, con la droga, a quienes volvían de la guerra,y a una corriente que luchaba unida contra esa guerra imperialista. Así quebróa gran parte de esos jóvenes, y así trabajan para quebrar a nuestra juventud.
3. ** 
More than a year from the beginning of the Russian imperialist invasion to Ukraine, Statnote has concentrated much of its troops in Bajmut, in the Front of Laprovincia de Donetsk, winning one of the toughest and most long battles of Laguerra in Ukraine.
The United States says that China considers the possibility of supplying Arussia weapons. That could be another step towards world war.
The German magazine der Spiegel warned that Russia would be negotiating with the Chinese company Xi’an Bingo Intelligent Aviation Technology the purchase of 100vions not manned to attack. Russia has already used drones of Iranian origin in the fight against and in the destruction of the Ukrainian Electric Red.
China has presented a proposal of 12 points to "put an end to war", which shows a greater intervention of this imperialism in the conflict. strategic to firmly advance in the channel of the formation of a multipolar world. ” The "National Assembly of the People" is being carried out that has among its objectives to strengthen the power of Xi Jinpingrumbo to his third term. There, the increase in the military presupposed by 7%has just been announced, taking it to US $ 225,000 million, given the "growing threats to China."
** As the resolutions of the 13th PCR Congress say Russia Deucrania!
In the United States, voices such as Congresswoman María SalazarCuestiono the Chinese imperialist base in Neuquén and the military agreements of the Government with Chinese imperialism and launched its threat: “The dearertine cooperation with China is a pact with the devil ... There are two worlds, there are two worlds, there are two worlds, there are two worlds, there are two worlds Free World and the world of slaves, I hope Argentina is in the free world. ”
In this world in which World War hazards grow, relying on UNA other imperialism puts dependent countries such as ours as flesh of that imperialist dispute
4. No to adjustment!Yes to national sovereignty! 
February inflation would exceed 6%, and in food and drinks around 10%. The accumulated in one year could exceed 100%. It is a hard punishment to the destitute and poor and a brutal cut of salaries, retirement and planes.
There are struggles of teachers and other unions due to increased wages and partners.A “Malbec dollar” and differentiated changes for regional sectors were announced. The CCC, theFCC, the PCR and other sectors denounced this situation in Mendoza with a one -fry, 4/3, with the slogan: "Agriculture is mourning."
On the National FNC struggle day, our comrades Albina Vides Ygumersindo Segundo, national leaders of the FNC, the Association of Medieros and Related, and Ava Guaraní community of La Plata, spoke of the difficult situation that the peasants are going through poor Yoriginal Creoles.
The campaign against the native peoples of racist and proprietary content had a new chapter with the brutalrepression to the Wichi people, in Nueva Pompeya, Chaco. Given the request of Salustiano Giménez, the police and the gendarmerie reprimandally with dozens of injured. We fight for truth and justice Porsalustiano Giménez, missing more than 20 days ago and for the appearance and liberty of the leaders arrested for this just claim.
The rental adjustment index is triggered: in March it rises 90% for the rebound.
The Argentine Foreign Ministry informed the British government the end of the Forestry-Duncan. That agreement was signed,(In the drunkenness of the momentoment Vice Chancellor Il), during the Macri government, submissively responding to the British existing exposed in a letter to Macri of the then First Ansistra Theresa May.
The Government also revoked the agreement for the San Pablo-Córdoba-Malvinasque trip agreed by the Macri government and served to satisfy the logistics to the British colonialist occupation. They are two positive measures. At the same time, all the policies that were part of that pact must be required, as well as annul(See note page 9).
Esto hace a enfrentar los intereses del imperialismo inglés de colonizar másde 5.000.000 km² de territorios de indudable soberanía argentina.
5. * 
In several provinces, between April and May, provincial and municipal elections are held, in which from the PTP-PCR we promote the de-de-de-unity formation of the patriotic, democratic and popular forces.
For national elections on May 15, it is the deadline to call them step. On June 14 for the presentation of alliances, and on the 24th of the same, to present precautionary lists and the “formal” beginning of the national electoral lacampaña.
The reactionary right of together for the change, and the powerful monopolysmperialists and the ruling classes behind, prepare to impose their policy of adjustment, delivery and repression of blood and fire. They live an internalness with the indefinition of Macri and the dispute between Larreta and Bullrich. Nor is the succession in the CABA defined. Radicalism suggests, Elisa Carrió her. Pichetto already started president. There are alborde fights of the break in Córdoba, Tucumán, Mendoza, Neuquén and Chubut.
Faced with the plans of these reactionary sectors, it is important that a force capable of putting brake on the electoral field be read.
There is a hard dispute on everyone's front. It is still pending if Cristinakirchner finally decides to present himself, if the president will seek larelection, if the Minister of Economy Massa is presented. The one who joined the presidential Lacarrera is the ambassador to Brazil, Daniel Scioli.
6. Grows popular prominence 
Classes began, and many families could not send their children to La Escola for lack of supplies, sneakers or overalls. Faced with these intercourse, the JCR drives in mass movements a mobilization for March 14.
On Wednesday, March 1, half of the country ran out of electricity, at noon a phenomenal heat wave. Quickly, it was attributed to a fire on a unchampus that had burned the cables. But other technicians said that those high voltage lines do not burn, resist fire.
The false version that the problem was in a unemployment of atomic usinasatucha i and II, disseminated by spokesmen of macrismo, had as its objectivation to socially , and worries South Yankee command. Alberto Fernández and Minister Massa denounced "sabotage."In this complex situation, with brutal inflation, lack of inputs in some industries, minimum reserves in the Central Bank, with a successful temporary and growth of some branches of production, the work grows throughout the country and a great political debate develops.
The government as a whole has no proposals for the serious problems, they are part of the people, nor do it value popular prominence, which was the base, on the fight in the streets, which allowed defeat at the polls of the Macrismo in 2019.
We understand that, to defeat that reactionary right again, there is no other way than to advance in the confluence of the struggles with the protagonism of the people in the streets. From there you can create the conditions to defeat them also at the polls, with a front that contemplates claims of most workers and the people.
We also know that it is not through the elections that the main problems that our people suffer will be solved. That is why we put the center enencabar the struggles for popular emergencies, the national sovereignty and lavigency of our democratic conquests and freedoms, and from there we freak out a struggle in the PCR and the JCR, to advance in the path of the national and social liberation of Our homeland. And we are going to the meeting of the Debates that appear in the workplace, housing or study, and in the movements that we integrate, with our proposal of ten measures , and with the resolutions and the program approved in our 13th Congress of the PCR.
We fight to advance in the unit for the struggle of the working class, the poor and medium corners, and the popular sectors, on the path of unarevolution that will free us from the landowner and the dependency, and allow the construction of a new state, in the hands of the working class and the people.
Write Ricardo Fierro and Germán Vidal 

Photo: With the example of the beloved comrades Clelia Iscaro and Keiko, Elpcr and their JCR throughout the country we work so that in each workplace they will be upset of women and fighting activities. 
News Source: https://pcr.org.ar/nota/8-m-nosotras-paramos-y-marchamos/ 
March 8 - Strike: The female movement along with the people is fighting against the murder system!- KKE (M-L) 
Author: ΚΚΕ(μ-λ)
Time: 2023-03-07T99:00:00-04:00
Description: On March 8, 1857, New York workers died in the bloodthirsty strike demonstration and became a symbol of the struggle for equality and female emancipation. On March 8, 2023, the female movement joins the people who are awakened and demonstrated against the system of oppression and exploitation.
Images: [' γυναικείο.jpg ']
Type: article
 Everyone in the strike of March 8th!To flood the roads ! 
This year's anniversary of March 8, as a day of remembrance and honor of the races of the races for equality and emancipation, finds the people on the streets to condemn the crime in Tempi. The rage that the people had in his time overwhelmed. The daily mass demonstrations and shocking rallies of the tens of thousands of protesters in Athens burned other cities, forced the prime minister to rebuild the original Tudes on "human error" and promise to take care of the problems of the rails!The fear of government and the system cannot be hidden. So download aura and the mats and they hit the demonstrations. But the people are not persuaded, they are not descended and they do not forgive.
The persistence and mass of popular demonstrations forced the union to declare a 24 -hour strike on March 8. On the day a symbol of feminine, the roads must be flooded with strikers and protesters. After all, the female movement, as an integral part of the popular movement, has to face the same enemy, that is, the system of dependency, the exploitation, the exploitation, the of. These are the tragedy in Tempe. They are responsible for misery, poverty, tone, inequality, for all the problems of the people who are unleashed. The deepened by the capitalist exploitation, the grease the woman's honor and her double oppression.
Every day it turns out that all of them do not give a damn about the life of the people and that the world they are building is hostile to people and of course a woman, who first faces any anti -populist measure. A number of laws were brought to cuts in pensions, an increase in pensions. Retirement, layoffs of pregnant women, compulsory cooperation, and are required by the employee of the employee. Rape, abuse and murders of women are now a daily routine. The bourgeois judicial system acquit the victims or throws them softly and blames the victims provocatively. The system that rules by violence gives birth to every violence in the natural phenomena of violence against women.At a time when imperialists threaten humanity with a nuclear possession, which life has no value, which corruption and rottenness can not be stuck, the most conservative to the surface to adhere to the inequality and oppression of the woman.
The woman of the people gives personal battles at home and in the house daily. By joining the movement and the struggles, she wins the equality of her class man, against the system that exploits them, preserves and maintains the inequality of all kinds.
On March 8, 1857, the New York workers died in the strike demonstration and became a symbol of the struggle for equality and emancipation.
On March 8, 2023, the female movement unites with the people who are awakened and adorned against the system of oppression and exploitation.
News Source: https://www.kkeml.gr/eight-march-apergia-to-gynaikeio-kinima-mazi-me-ton-lao-paleuei-enantia-sto-sistima-pou-dolofonei/ 
