马列毛主义新闻
Marxism-Leninism-Maoism News
2023-03-13
 




English 
Ordinarius in & quot; digital room & quot; - Opening the 2023 season of the Cecilia Meireles Room - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: The Cecilia Meireles Room in Rio opened its 2023 season with a show by the Vocal and Percussive Group Ordinarius, interviewed in And edition. The group is
Publish Time: 2023-03-12T00:05:00-03:00
Modified Time: None
Updated Time: None
Images: [' shP_kWSNeZo ']
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Agenda Cultural', 'grupo vocal e percussivo', 'Ordinarius', 'Sala Cecília Meireles', 'Sala Digital', 'Youtube']
Type: article
The Sala Cecilia Meireles , in Rio, opened its Season 2023 with a vocal and percussive group show Ordinarius , interviewed in the edition 247 from and. The group is formed by Augusto Ordine, Maíra Martins, Beatriz Coimbra, Fabiano Salek, Matias Correia and Antonia Medeiros. The event was in -face and online, transmitted through the Dasala channel on YouTube, being part of the project Digital Room .
Below: The show, held on the last day 04/03
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/ordinarius-na-sala-digital-abrindo-a-temporada-2023-da-sala-cecilia-meireles/ 
March 8th in Leipzig 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-12T18:15:09+00:00
Images: [' 2023_Leipzig_Frauenkampftag-1.JPG ', ' 2023_Leipzig_Frauenkampftag_Grünau.JPG ']
Tags: ['BRD', 'Proletarischer Feminismus', 'Demonstration', 'Internationaler Frauentag', 'Rotes Frauenkomitee', 'Leipzig', 'Internationaler Frauenkampftag', 'revolutionäre Frauenbewegug']
Category: None
_We publicly a report on the Frauenkampftag in Leipzig, Demuns was sent: _
In Leipzig, too, several events took place on March 8th. Including a demonstration with combat expression, which started at 6 p.m. at Sachsenbrucke. There were about 50 participants. The history of March 8 was referred to in the speech. Among other things, slogans were called that highly kept proletarian feminism, as well as anti -imperialist points of view. The workers' newspaper "Rote Post" was sold and approximately 100 leaflet, printed on the call of the Red Women's Committee.
 There were also reports that the call to the Red Women's Committee in the Imperial district of Grunau and in the university was spread.
 
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7540-08-maerz-in-leipzig 
PC 12 March - The Meloni government opens the sewers to the street beams 
Author: prolcomra
Description: To use it in the construction of a modern fascist regime at the service of the masters and the great capital of the State (Police Headquarters and Prefectures), ...
Time: 2023-03-12T18:44:00+01:00
Images: [' fasci%20a%20Milano.jpg ', ' antifa-sottosegretaria%20per%20ramelli.jpg ', ' antifa-giardino%20della%20Memoria%20della%20scuola%20primaria%20Paini%20di%20Sondrio2.jpg ', ' antifa-giardino%20della%20Memoria%20della%20scuola%20primaria%20Paini%20di%20Sondrio.jpg ', ' antifa-targa%20Valerio.jpg ', ' antifa-Gioia%20del%20colle.jpg ', ' antifa-Lucca.jpg ', ' topi-fascisti.jpg ']
To use it in the construction of a modern fascist regime at the service owners and the great capital 
State(Police Headquarters and Prefectures)Institutions cover them and these are some of the last few days that we report below.
It is evident that "this disgusting regurgitation does not go to itself", as the principal of the high school of Florence has been written. It is this indomitable system that, to keep all its daily horror of wars, migrations, exploitation, pandemics, reaction, oppression now need fascism, modern in the forms but not in substance, and respond to the outrage of the Meloni government as way out of your bankruptcy.
Crusing the "snake egg" of fascism to the government and the squadrismo -fascist is the task we have. Militant and mass anti -fascism, build the Communist Party of the new resistance, the united front, the fighter Loforza: the historical experience of the worker movement continues to say this
 > ****> 
 
La Repubblica 11 March 2023 
Around a table, in front of the militants, the leaders of the neo -fascist galaxy gather for a meeting entitled: "perspectives for the unit of the depatrioti"
They are a hundred, in Piazza Aspromonte 31, in the historic headquarters of the far in Milan a stone's throw from Piazzale Loreto. Aigiornalisti prohibited entrance. Around a table, in front of the militants, the leaders of the neo -fascist neo -fascist meet for a meeting entitled: "Perspective for the unity of the patriots". But not
They want to create a "black thing", they tend to say later, even if they will do "cultural initiatives together".Jeans, sweatshirts, many shaved heads. Three Spanish boys also arrived for the occasion. Duilio Canudel "National Movement La Netro dei Patrioti", Luca Marsella of CasaPounditalia, Alessandro Cavallini of "Fortezza Europa", Alessandro Liburdi of "Lealtà Action" and Giordano Caracino of "Veneto Fronte Skinhead" participate in the more "political" event of the day.
"We certainly expect something better on immigration, which this immediate repatriation operates," adds the spokesperson for CasaPound Milano, Angela De Rosa to the theme. "Many of the components of this domained majority have spoken of the possibility of stopping the departures in the villagers: do we expect this that this will be done, or at least lay the foundations." "Seven, more than enough".

 
The Undersecretary for Education and deputy of Brothers of Italy Paolafrassinetti will be at the Itis Molinari, the Technical Institute in the Crescenzago area, to take part in the commemoration ceremony of the fascist Sergioramelli. 


Brescia continue the provocations of the fascists in front of the allescuole  
 
 

News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-12-marzo-il-governo-meloni-spalanca.html 
PC 12 March - The disgust of the CGIL of Landini: "sign of respect" for the black government of Meloni 
Author: LuigiLerisVIVE
Description: ... which in fact means to use imperialist policy, another step towards the confederal unions of the regime, which compared to the FRA ...
Time: 2023-03-12T18:46:00+01:00
Images: [' IMG-20230312-WA0003.jpg ']
...che significa di fatto avvallo alla politica imperialista, un'altro passoverso i sindacati confederali di regime, che rispetto alla Francia rinuncianopure al ruolo di sindacato riformista con la mobilitazione dei lavoratoricontro i provvedimenti economici, appunto per non disturbare i profitti dipadroni e borghesia al potere.
 a right comment
Fascists at the CGIL congress: Maurizio Landini, shame! 
The edition of Friday ten March of the electronic newspaper La Nuova Padaniariporta, signed by this Cassandra, an article on the next DellaCgil Congress, which will be held in Rimini from fifteen to eighteen March next: Innarticular focuses on some of the characters who will be guests
The editor, of the leaf linked to the League minority who belongs to the alsender Umberto Bossi,
informs the readers that at the assembly of the major Italian union - what Cheun time was linked to the Italian Communist Party - there will be some "surprises".
On Friday, seventeen, to "delight" the crowd of the delegaisarry, Cardinal Matteo Maria Zuppi, president of the Episcopalitaliano conference; However, the only guy totally out of context guest of the day will not be: the President of the Council of Ministers will also take the floor
If there was still a need for proof of the fact that the CGIL is - in substance - a right -wing union, it seems to us that the fact of opening the doors of the proppopo to an exponent from the tradition of the heir to fascism would dispel any doubt.
Poor Giuseppe Di Vittorio will surely turn - provided that he has the strength - in the tomb, as well as all the martyrs of the regimemussolinian regimemussol, murdered by the black shirt squads during the puddling and his hierarchs.
Not even the justification of Maurizio Landini can be valid: "To all CGIL icongressi the presidents of the Council in office were invited. We have never had preliminary rulings towards any government, we are used to amending ourselves with the governments that are there".Bosio(Al), March 12, 2023
Stefano Ghio - Slai Cobas for the class union Alessandria/Genoa
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-12-marzo-lo-schifo-della-cgil-di.html 
PC 12 March - Another massacre of migrants: Meloni government, government of filthy racist killers! 
Author: prolcomra
Description: March 12, 2023 Alarm Phone: "Dozens of people on the drift boat drowned" The boat with 47 people on board, which started from Libya, ...
Time: 2023-03-12T19:21:00+01:00
Images: [' migranti-altra%20strage.jpg ']
 March 12, 2023
Alarm Phone: "Dozens of people on the drifting boat have drowned" 
The boat with 47 people on board, which started from Libya, would have overturned. "From 2:28 of 11 March, the authorities were informed of the urgency and the end of danger".
The boat is 113 miles NW Benghazi, it is drifting, with the engine in failure, at the mercy of the waves
We are shocked. According to different sources, dozens of people in this boat have annenegate. From H 2.28,
of 11 March, the authorities were informed of the urgency and of the diperlico situation. The Italian authorities deliberately delayed rescue, letting them die.
After the lethal shipwreck, we fear that the survivors - rescued by an American after seeing their friends die - are forcedly rejected Libya or Tunisia, where inhuman conditions await them. We ask that I would survive all are brought to Europe!
Sea-Watch International: after calling the Libyan rescue center, they confirmed that they would not have sent a ship. When we reach the Italian Mccc with the question on who will assume the coordination and lamination of people, the responsible officer reattaches.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-12-marzo-unaltra-strage-di-migranti.html 
March 8th in Berlin 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-12T23:00:00+00:00
Images: [' 2023_Berlin_Frauenkampftag-1_px.jpeg ']
Tags: ['Frauenbewegung', 'BRD', 'Proletarischer Feminismus', 'Demonstration', 'Berlin', 'Rotes Frauenkomitee', 'Frauenstreik', 'Internationaler Frauenkampftag', 'revolutionäre Frauenbewegug']
Category: None
_We publicly a report on the Women's Firge in Berlin, which was sent to us: _
In Berlin, numerous meetings took place on March 8th, with several thousand people took to the streets.
A demonstration started at 12:00 p.m. on Anton-Saefkow-Platz. Young women especially took part in the starting rally, but they were also well received by residents and they were. Among other things, the workers' newspaper "Rote Post" and the [call to the Red Women's Committee] was sold](https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-proletarischer-feminismus/7502-rotes-frauenkomitee-brd-flugblatt-zum-8-maerz-2023)distributed.
In the speeches, the double insignificance of women, through imperialism and patriarchy was made clear and justified demands, such as "equal wages for the same work", even if the fight against the patriarchy as something released from the class struggle, practically a "feminism plus class struggle" practically
 This demonstration train was divided into the large demonstration under the name "Class Struggle Is Feminist's Struggle", which started at 114:00 p.m. Annational groups was involved. A precise number of participants was not known, but more than 5000 people took part in tremendous. A total of 2000 leaflet were distributed with the call of the Red women's committee, which the participants also included. Red Women's Committee on the route glued. The end point was at 7:00 p.m. Das Women's Prison Lichtenberg. Here the police attacked the end rally because the loudspeaker scales "too loud", and a person arrested the information from the organizer again. As can be seen in the video, the bulls harassed Diedemonstrans, which did not respond to the provocations, completely for no reason.
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/t-brd/7541-08-maerz-in-berlin 
Fights around the AfD party conference in Offenburg, Baden-Württemberg 
Author: DEM VOLKE DIENEN
Time: 2023-03-12T23:30:00+00:00
Images: [' afd_2.cleaned.jpg ', ' afd_3.cleaned.jpg ', ' afd_4.cleaned.jpg ', ' afd_5.cleaned.jpg ', ' AFD_BaWue_Landesparteitag2023_01.cleaned.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Europa2'
The AfD party congress in Offenburg was released around the AfD party congress in Offenburg. More than 50 police officers are said to be injured. According to official information, they were kicked, beaten, further attacks suffered and there were fire.
At the demonstration against the AfD state party conference in the Baden town of the Baden, 53 police officers were injured, bruisions and shower wounds suffered because they were said to have been beaten and kicked. 17 Vonihnen were said to be no longer a service after the operation.
The identity of over 400 participants in the protests was found, but few procedures have been initiated. In over 200 traps there were places. Raised advance are severe breach of the peace, resistance to enforcement officers and body injury.
The police had tried to stop the protest march through massive use of strikes. A total of between 1,400 and 1,500 people are said to have participated in the protests.
     
News Source: https://www.demvolkedienen.org/index.php/de/46-nachrichten/europa2/7546-kaempfe-rund-um-den-afd-parteitag-in-offenburg-baden-wuertemberg 
PC 13 March - "Our defense industry must quickly move on to the mode of a war economy". And for this reason the European Union has decided to use the money of the European Fund for Peace! 
Author: prolcompal
Description: The unbridled ride to armaments is now explicitly declared by all governments, from the United States, to Japan, from China to Austr ...
Time: 2023-03-13T06:48:00+01:00
Images: [' epf.jpg ']
 The unbridled ride to the armaments is now explicitly declared by all of Igsterni, from the United States, to Japan, from China to Australia, from South Codedel to India ... which directly or indirectly are involved in interimperialist for Prosecutor's Office which is currently underway in Ukraine.
In recent days, the European Union has also dealt with the problem, above all the refueling of weapons and ammunition to Ukraine, and since it also aims at "savings", decided the " joint purchases of weapons for Ukraine ". While waiting for the definitive decisions "the European Commission establishing mechanisms to increase the production capacity of the European industry ".
One of the reasons for this acceleration is as follows: "'Abiamoricevuto the urgent request 
Ukraine of new ammunitions of 155mm, explained the commissioner to the single market to the Thierrybreton industry yesterday at the Hungruppo of Journalists "writes the Sole 24 Ore of 8 March. The urgent request, The Ukrainians say, it is because " would be shot up to 300-400 thousandPallottoles per day. "**
"More generally, added the commissioner, the attempt of the member countries to be 'to mutualize a little more', a sector, the military one, what was hostage for decades of the purely national interests." In short, you have to find a little more money to give more weapons to Ukraine. According to the plan, it was that the "twenty -sects transfer part of the ammunition deposits to Kiev." While the proposal for the money is the one " to give a billion from the European Fund for Peace(EFP - EuropeanPeace Facility) To reimburse up to 50-60% of the material sent to Ukraine from the member countries. "
The absurd "justification" of the use of this fund, out of balance, is "... The treaties forbid using money from the budgetary budget to finance military activities. "This is because the "twenty -seven" have noticed that "the European industry did not have the needs of a high intensity conflict" for which "is an increase in production skills." ****
According to the European commissioner at the single market to the Thierry Breton industry: " We have the production sites and the Expertise. We have to increase the scale economy ... among other things, Brussels wants to adopt 'contracts certain'con Defense companies ; 'Monitor the efforts made by theproductors';' Solve the bottlenecks, especially in the painting chain ".
These are war declarations(For competition!)In the true war epropropic, and it is due to this the warning of Commissioner Breton: "Lanostra of the defense industry must quickly move on to the mode of a war economy". 
This increasingly heated fury for the war, which also means the "Pace Fund", means, it means, there would be no even of saying to say, the increase in the fondo for the war with the consequent social expenses tags.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-la-nostra-industria-della.html 
PC 13 March - they occupied a house, 18 anarchists acquitted. The judge: "They provide support for migrants" 
Author: maoist
Description: They had ended up under accusation for having occupied the premises of a church in Claviere and then the Cantoniera house of Oulx. "An unnecessable function of ...
Time: 2023-03-13T07:00:00+01:00
Images: []
They had ended up under accusation for having occupied the premises of a church in Clavieree then the cantoniera house of Oulx. "An unnecessable function of legitimate alliesial support organized by institutions and private individuals in the field of assistance"
The occupation has translated into "an unnecessable function of supporting lecite allinial support organized by institutions and private individuals in the field of assistance and welcome of migrants". In practice, the anarchists acted "in a complementary way" to the world of associations. Adapting this role to the young antagonists who in 2018 entered the Cantoniera dell'Anas house, transforming it into a migrants to reach migrants intending to reach France passing the border, is the judge Alessandra Danieli . Ilmagistratus, in fact, acquitted 19 activists who - in various capacities - eradicated under accusation for having first occupied the premises of the Church of the Dellovilitation of Maria Santissima di Claviere and, after the eviction, the Cantoniera house of Oulx, a property that Anas had left in a diabbanding state.
In the reasons, the stories of the two occupations are retraced, especially the activities of the
antagonists. The investigation of the carabinieri told the initiatives undertaken, between 2018 and 2021, by some young people linked to the French group "Brisser Lesfrontières" and the antagonist area of the Susa and Turin Valley. That is, activities of "support and assistance to migrants" willing to cross the French Ilconfine. Two routes followed and mentioned in the document : the first(then abandoned)Through the Colle della Scala in Bardonecchia, the second one has the pass between Claviere and Montinevro. And it is precisely in relation to the last director that the illegal actions reproached the defendants must be read. The judge recalls that in 2018 Oulx was opened refugee, a structure managed by religious of the Salesian order and financed a foundation.
"In this context - the Court writes - the initiativeintraprise are placed by some members of anarchist movements in order of support to migrants and contestations to policy -overnative policy in the field of migratory flows". Hence the occupation before the church and then of the Cantoniera house "to allow migrants, chequotidiani tried to reach the French territory through the Montinevro ilvalico, to find shelter from the cold during the night".However, The Court rejects the absolute thesis proposed by the defense , which had appealed to the "state of necessity" interpreted as migrants often unprepared to face the mountain to go beyond theconfine. Rather, according to judge Danieli, the acquittal must have had in the principle of the "slight entity" of the crime . The anarchists would have occupied the property of the Anas -"in disuse for years" - -but also "an undeniable support function" to those who were lawfully engaged assistance to migrants.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-occuparono-una-casa-18.html 
PC 13 March - Ansaldo workers were right to protest 
Author: maoist
Description: Ansaldo wounded worker, four people investigated Simone Bonori had been there ...
Time: 2023-03-13T07:30:00+01:00
Images: [' sciopero-incidente-simone-bonori-791287.large.jpg ']
Wounded Ansaldo worker, four people investigated 
Simone Bonori had been struck for a while who had released from the lathe, a 1980 car, and had broken through the protective bulkhead
Genoa - There are four suspects for the accident in Ansaldo Energia, which took place at the end of February in the Genoese factory in which Simone Bonori, a 36 -year -old worker, was seriously injured. The accusation is very culpable injuries. The man is still in a pharmacological coma at the San Hospital
Martino. The Public Prosecutor enrolled in the safety managers and the pre -Postidel Meme Department(Mechanical average)To allow them to participate in the expert report that will be arranged next week . To perform it will be a unkest of Turin. Immediately after the accident, the assistant prosecutor Francescopinto and the substitute Giuseppe Longo had made an inspection in the Eavevano department seized the machine.
Simone Bonori had been struck for a while that had been released Dallatornio , a 1980 car, and had broken through the protective bulkhead. Isindacati had pointed their finger on the see of the machinery. The investigation would emerge that the piece was hooked with two bolts instead of four. Laperizia will serve to deepen whether the machine was adequately manufactured and in good condition but also to understand the adequacy of the protection of protection broken through by the piece that has detached itself from the lathe: a reveted reinforcement was found that perhaps may not have been adapted to holding to a excessive load .
"More security or we stop" 
 Genoa - Sadness, anger, despair, concern . It is these insentions that the colleagues of Simone prove, the 37 -year -old worker who standing between life and death at the Polyclinic hospital San Martino Digenova, after yesterday afternoon, Tuesday 21 February ed. In the Ansaldo Energia. The worker was hit at the forehead by 200 kilos detaches by an old vertical lathe of 1979: iron ilmatiale broke out a bulkhead, hitting the man in the face . " I was there at the side, I attended the tragedy, this night I do not have Hodermito, I kept seeing that scene in front of my eyes **, he was an image that I don't wish anyone - he tells Primocanalecapogreco -. I ran Immediately, in a minute I was there. I proceeded to see I could do for the boy but I witnessed a gruesome scene. He wasnecessary to have certainties and sureness when he was rampant on the spot. If that machine that in '79 could be a gem, Today in 2023 it is not ".
The day of the Ansaldo workers cannot be concluded with an procession of the hours of strike , explains it and announces it in a firm and decisive manner of the dizziness. "We want reassurances for our safety, that machine does not solosu but also on others. We on machinery so dated we do not do more, we cross our arms. Or put them safely or we give . These are too obsolete machines, or They replace them or we will not do more ".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-gli-operai-dellansaldo.html 
[8m] Madrid: Actions for proletarian feminism 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T09:52:26+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T09:52:26+00:00
Description: Activists and collaborators of the newspaper «Serve the people» in Madrid have carried out propaganda activities in relation to the day of the working woman of working women in 2 of the main uni…
Images: [' 3.jpeg ', ' 17.jpeg ', ' 1.jpeg ', ' 14.jpeg ', ' 5.jpeg ']
Type: article
03/13/2023
Activists and collaborators of the newspaper «Serve the People» in Madrid Hanrealized propaganda activities in relation to the day of the International Lamujer working in 2 of the main universities of the city. Laprincipal Action was a pamphlet at the Complutense University, in which the students who went out at noon of the faculty of geography and historiacibró the text of serving the people, in which the character is emphasized of the 8M, the hypocrisy of the Bourgeoisie when claiming and sealing it to convert it into the day of the struggle of working women, organized independent of their exploiters. In addition to this, several faculties of the UCM and the Autonomous University of Madrid were soaks with stickers of the magazine and with the pamphlets.
Article sent by a collaborator 
     Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/13/8m-madrid-acciones-por-el-feminismo-proletario/ 
France: Successful Foundation of the Popular Women's Committee 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T09:57:27+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T09:57:27+00:00
Description: We share some photographs of an important event in France where comrades have presented the Popular Women's Committee.
Images: [' imagen.png ', ' imagen-1.png ', ' imagen-2.png ', ' imagen-3.png ', ' imagen-4.png ']
Type: article
03/13/2023
We share some photographs of an important event in France where the Camaradas have presented the Popular Women's Committee.
     Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/13/francia-exitosa-fundacion-del-comite-femenino-popular/ 
PC March 13 - Editorial - Government and migrants. Cutro what it was, which to do for everyone. The task of the communists 
Author: fannyhill
Description: The massacres in the sea continue. Off the Libyan coast, a new shipwreck has made new victims. Here too the process was that of SEM ...
Time: 2023-03-13T10:26:00+01:00
Images: []
The massacres in the sea continue. Since the Libyan coasts a new shipwreck made new victims. Here too the process was the one of all time, a boat indifficulties, Libyan ships nearby that they are unable to save migrant half -halls, appeals, unnecessary warnings to ships and boats in the area without gods, willing or unwillingly.
A scenario that from the future, however infamous, from time to time, orarispia to become daily and permanent, given that the secret services of the government speak of thousands of arrival.
The fact is that they see them coming and they want to hunt, reject, fill. 
This is the only truth that must be affirmed at the level of information and mass. This government wants the death of migrants at sea.
This government makes the Summa, for the worse, of all the anti -medicated laws, from the Turkish/Napolitano, to the Bossi/Fini, to the obscene period of Minniti who has the case, today it is in the war industry, to the criminal action of Salvinima's interior. When we manage to "make the skin" to people like this.
Other than abolition of the laws, they have no intention, they want to new and worst against migrants who come and those already arrival to whom they want to make difficult life more and more, to drive them, put them in the million of a real war.
This government is fascist, racist, imperialist and new colonialist, hisiministers, his undersecretaries, his activists are impregnated with thisideology. As fascists transform everything into repression and dictatorship, inarrogance and arbitrariness; As racists enjoy the death of migrants of another race. They have only one limit, that of having to defend interest masters, of the imperialist bourgeoisie they have
Need for hundreds, thousands of migrants to be exploited, slave, blackmailing for the good performance of the production, for the reduction of the cost of labor, to be in world competition, to make profits. And Ilgoverno is at their service, not everything can do according to his own ideology ESI must put a brake on politics that in his heart and in his mind would do. He must stay inside Europe because if he is marginalized the capitalist economy of the country worsens his crisis.
For this reason it is clear that we must fight against this government and its natural and against the dominant class, the capitalist system.Cutro's manifestation was right and necessary, but more expression of testimony and a feeling, which it is good that there was to be to be to the families of the victims, to the survivors, to put a dam, permissible the irreducible contradiction of the Meloni/Salvini And his luridiministers who went to Cutro but to claim the death of migrants epianify the future dead - this is what he also prevented them from pretending to give to honor the victims. That advice of ministers was a diautoaccusa act, we could say in the "Mussolinian" way, a "yes yes" ... Epoi away to celebrate with Karaoke at Casa Salvini.
On the other hand there were the approximately 5 thousand who reached the beach, which, wherever they testified the existence of another Italy, not yet based classes, but based on the enormous gap between progress and reaction, barbarity humanity.
But even in Cutro things did not really go well.
The Manifesto writes: _ "Mimmo Lucano led the event" _; that Schifoquesti reformists and beautiful souls of the radical reformism, always with hunting characters and in the perspective of new candidates, always not to look at the substance of things, to be the other side of the medal, the routineel reformism, of the unarmed wing of reformism who wants to be opposition that he is a street companion of modern fascism that advances.
But in Cutro at least something has been, elsewhere not.
And here we are not talking about the political parties that do not exist except as parties of the politician in the black parliament by majority beam/racist, Madelle trade union organizations, some aligned and covered with the government, Lacisl, others wrapped in the new corporatism compatible with modern fascism, The Uil, others, the CGIL, immersed in hypocrisy: a nice number of activists of the nearby areas, from Puglia downwards, to Cutro there was, but the tuttoquesto while its bureaucracy, its secretary announced as if it were normal thing that Meloni is invited to his national congress. Alavoratori, in particular of this union we have so much to say; To their firsthand Landini, instead we have a lot to make the dirty game difficult for him to be difficult that from the first day of the settlement of the Government this Mr. Landini and this union do.However, what is not at all good is the general position of the forces forces. The basic and class unionism, the groups and of autonomous matrix, the communist forces, the movements of struggle for the house in Rome, for the work in Naples that very little have said and also did on the occasion of this massacre of Cutro, How to other fierce other government and ministers, Valditara, Nordio, Ilurid Servant of the Well Industry, Crosetto(And gradually all the other names in this "cabinet" which is a true "toilet").
Si continua con il solito tran tran, di lotte che si pretendonoautosufficienti, che si pretendono "politiche" ma che proprio la politica nonc'è; non c'è l'analisi scientifica, militante e arrabbiata, ma l'aria fritta.Troppa parte di questo mondo fa fatica a chiamare fascisti i fascisti e ogniattacco a questo governo non trova di meglio che sfornare l'ultima riedizione:"...ma Draghi e il Pd?...", pensando cosi' di essere acuti e nondemenzialmente indifferentisti, una deviazione dal marxismo leninismo maoismoche è scienza della politica e della lotta di classe, che è arma affilata permisurarsi con la dinamica della lotta di classe, per analizzare governi,partiti e uomini del governo e dei partiti.
Questo è il lato negativo della contraddizione della lotta di classe e lanecessita' della lotta tra le due linee nel nostro campo.
Noi comunisti, noi proletari d'avanguardia dobbiamo attrezzarci all'unicasoluzione e all'unica forma di lotta strategica rispetto a questo governo e aquesto stadio del capitalismo e dell'imperialismo che è guerra, fascismo,immiserimento delle masse, a cui si può rispondere solo con la guerra diclasse, l'organizzazione per la guerra civile e rivoluzionaria.
A questo serve il partito, a questo serve il fronte unito, a questo serve laforza militante.
Certo, tutti questi strumenti e questa prospettiva strategica va riempita diclasse e masse, perchè senza classe e masse si è profeti disarmati; ma classee masse necessarie allo scopo è quella che si trasforma combattendo, è quellache incarna uno slogan degli anni '70 che deve tornare forte e chiaro: " nessun lamento, linea di condotta Combattimento !".
E su questo qualcosa ci insegnano i compagni anarchici impegnati nellabattaglia per Alfredo, ma tanto ci insegna la nostra storia, dalla Resistenza,al 68/69 anni 70, alla nuova Resistenza.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-governo-e-migranti-cutro.html 
Two detainees on 8m in Madrid 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T10:29:14+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T10:30:51+00:00
Description: We share the note of the antirrepressive movement of Madrid (@Antirrepremadrid on Twitter) about the detention produced to two people Tars the manifestation of the 8M.
Images: [' imagen-5.png ']
Type: article
03/13/2023
We share the note of the antirrepressive movement of Madrid(@Antirrepremad intuitter)on the arrest produced to two people Tars the manifestation of 8m.
 Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/13/dos-detenidos-el-8m-en-madrid/ 
Brief Starting Week 
Author: SolRojista (Person)
Publisher: Blogger (Organization)
Description: International. Protests for the International Day of Working Women have taken the streets and squares in tens of cities to ...
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T10:34:00-07:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T10:35:50-07:00
Images: [' 8m_3.limpio.webp ', ' 2023-03-07T132625Z_1296576294_RC21PZ9S68IR_RTRMADP_3_FRANCE-PENSIONS-STRIKE.webp ', ' 6d0f40_170ac0bab97d4d0784c61a7bee8d41ef~mv2.jpg ', ' 22cdf30fc57a0a016d7bf1d8b82a5add01af68e8w-780x470-1.jpg ', ' el%20istmo%20es%20nuestro%20SR.jpg ']
 International. Protests for the International Women's Women's Day They have taken the streets and squares in tens of cities around the world; With more strength than in other years, class and morevolutionary women continue to fight to recover the meaning of this day leading the struggle of working women of cities and fields, as well as students and young people, not as a struggle between genres but as a class of classes. In this way, together with the demands against patriarchal saviolence, the historical slogans have been heard again private property of the means of production, against the exploitation of man for the man, of the woman by the man, of the woman for the woman and of the woman Human race as a whole as well as against repression and colonialism. Both in developed countries and in oppressed countries, women take the streets by joining veterans and novators who in more than oneocasion and in more than one country have had to respond to the attacks of the reaction. There were confrontations between contingent of women and repressive forces in Turkey, Mexico, Palestine, Switzerland, Sri Lanka, and other relatives.
[](ConvertedIMGs/SOL ROJO Mx/2023-03-13T10-34-00-07-00/2023-03-07T132625Z_1296576294_RC21PZ9S68IR_RTRMADP_3_FRANCE-PENSIONS-STRIKE.png) 
 Greece. The rail tragedy of the accident occurred at dawn of the 28FEB-1 mzo. That he left at least 57 dead people, has uncovered the sewer Decorruption and negligence after the privatization of Trainose during the Government of Syriza whose merits of "Legal Legal" are identical to the other other bourgeois demo-liberal platform. Since then several demonstrations have been produced in Athens and other parts of the country, denouncing the network of complicities and omissions in the "train of death"; The great of all has registered on March 8 in the framework of the internetational day of working women, the protests became a combative general strike, being the largest during the last ten years. For this Thursday a new general strike of24hrs is convened. and again confrontations with the riot police are anticipated.
[](Images/SOL ROJO Mx/2023-03-13T10-34-00-07-00/22cdf30fc57a0a016d7bf1d8b82a5add01af68e8w-780x470-1.jpg) 

 ** Mexico.(https://muralperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/09/los-gringos-quieren-una-nueva-intervencion-militar-en-mexico/)Of military intervention Yankee delimperialism about Mexico with the speech to "fight the narco", the announced visit to Oaxacan lands of the reactionaries Jhonkerry and Ken Salazar, special envoy on the climate and ambassador of the Eeuu enmexico, respectively. This scheduled visit for March 21(Benito Juárez's birthday appropriate)It seeks to "supervise" the advances in the imposition of the interoceanic corridor of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec(Ciit), Dondelos "more recent AGLO and 4T" are the militarization of the region, the state of site imposed against peasants and ejidatarios ajyuuk, lacriminalization and apprehension orders against binniza 'community members, and the persecution, terror and threats against Binniza 'comuneros of Santacruz tagolaba in Tehuantepec. The clamp formed between the Secretariat of the Navy, National Guard, State Investigation Agency, State Police and Paramilitary Groups such as the Mercenary "Tacho Basket" seek of the isthmus(Ucis), Assembly of Indigenous Peoples of the Isthmus in Defense of Earth and the Territory(Apide)and current of the Red Sol town(Red CP-Sol). En solidaridad con esta luchade resistencia en contra la imposición del CIIT y en repudio a la visita(interference)From Yankee imperialism in the Isthmus, various democratic and collective organizations are summoning the realization of the life and solidarity festival with the peoples of the isthmus; The appointment is next March 21, 2023 at the Gringa Embassy on CDMX. Likewise ,territorial actions are expected by the affected communities that reject the CIIT and the statements of the new military intervention in our country.
News Source: http://solrojista.blogspot.com/2023/03/breves-iniciando-semana_13.html 
General strike in France 
Author: SERVIR AL PUEBLO
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T10:40:53+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T10:40:53+00:00
Description: On March 7, another general strike against the reform of the planned pensions took place. Millions participated. It was the sixth of its kind. The proletarian revolutionaries participated in the Activities ...
Images: [' imagen-6.png ', ' imagen-7.png ', ' imagen-8.png ', ' imagen-9.png ', ' imagen-10.png ', ' imagen-11.png ', ' imagen-12.png ', ' imagen-13.png ', ' imagen-14.png ', ' imagen-15.png ', ' imagen-16.png ', ' imagen-17.png ', ' imagen-18.png ', ' imagen-19.png ']
Type: article
03/13/2023
On March 7, another general strike against the reform of the expected compensations took place. Millions participated. It was the sixth of its kind. The proletarian refolves participated in the activities in variousforms.
The Ligue of the Jeunesse Révolutionnaire and the newly founded Female Popular Committee participated in a demonstration on March 7, which brought together some70,000 people, for a determined demonstration that was able to make the police back several times!
The Jeunesse Révolutionnaire of Limoges, Paris and Clermontferrand participated in blocks and demonstrations on March 7. In Paris, they participated in the block of Lycée Henri Wallon and then in the demonstration, carrying Militants with him!In Limoges you could see an impressive red tip of Lamarcha, headed by young people, cause du peuple and fSE Limoges. Los Camaradas also deployed a great banner!
In Saint-étienne, Ligue activists of the Jeunesse Révolutionnaire and Lacgt Privés d'emploi et Précaires were in the Bellevue market to be paramovilized by the strike of March 7. In Grenoble, the CPESSE activists joined the workers' strike in the neighborhoods of Villeneuve-Malherbe and the march of the residents to make the wrath of the neighborhoods against this reform.
In Caen and Rennes, the Jeunesse Révolutionnaire celebrated a day of fighting on 7th. In Caen, the comrades participated in student blockages in the Charles de Gaulle and Laplace schools and then directed a manifestation of revolutionary youth.
_Linkoriginal: <https://demvolken Own translation_Commercial
News Source: https://serviralpuebloperiodico.wordpress.com/2023/03/13/huelga-general-en-francia/ 
PC March 13 - Editorial - Schlein/Pd: change everything to not change anything 
Author: fannyhill
Description: The Democratic Party is reborn from its ashes and is reconstructed exactly in the same way. Schlein, of middle class, always in the DIN ...
Time: 2023-03-13T10:41:00+01:00
Images: [' download.jpg ']
 The Democratic Party is reborn from its ashes and is reconstructed exactly in the stessamaniera.
Schlein, of a middle class, always in the surroundings and inside this, was already the deputy of Bonaccini without this having constituted anything for the reactionary line brought by the Democratic Party, all the Governments of the majority of the Draghi Government and the Government Government Government and the Government Fascio/racistadei masters of Meloni.
The catharsis of the primaries has produced a "people of change", mafralyly it is a ox people, blind to the evidence, still the enlargement of the character you raise the party, escort wheel of the Aborghesia and organizer of the consent of the masses to the bourgeoisie.
This futile breath of renewal is at the service of the system, where Ilsistema, however, self -transforms in
Opera course, more and more deployed modern fascism.
And instead of an opposition, albeit parliamentary, democratic, constitutional, anti -fascist, we have an orgy of words, of smiling faces while people of(There is not only the insulting Karaoke by Salvini/Meloni, but also these "Juliive Singers" who self -praise, laugh and embrace each other, they are in a grotesque way).
La Schlein è segretaria e Bonaccini è presidente, una sorta di scimmiottaturaal rovescio della Regione Emilia Romagna, e insieme tutta una serie di "voltinuovi" di cui riempi' Renzi il partito provocandone l'ennesima versione delcambio di natura.
Si potrebbe fare uno screaming del nuovo organigramma della Schlein ma sarebbeun esercizio "tanto per la precisione" ma che nulla aggiungerebbe al vuoto, incui dicendo le stesse cose della campagna elettorale di Letta, considerata datutti molto a sinistra, si dovrebbe verificare il miracolo di un partito diopposizione popolare, almeno popolare...
I proletari, per favore, qui non c'entrano nulla, se non nella cinghia ditrasmissione della burocrazia sindacale della Cgil.
Schlein is not a new opposition, and we hope it is not exclusively, as the proletarian revolutionary feminist movement has denounced, from Soloe this is a merit and a medal, "the bourgeoisie that" wears women "".
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-schleinpd-cambiare-tutto.html 
PC 13 March - Editorial - The Silicon Valley Bank crisis is another sign of the crisis of the capitalist/imperialist system 
Author: fannyhill
Description: The crisis of capitalism in the heart of the imperialist system, the US one, comes to a new "bubble" and the 'where there would be and would have ...
Time: 2023-03-13T10:57:00+01:00
Images: [' PHOTO-2023-03-13-13-54-23.jpg ']
 Lacterisi of capitalism in the heart of the imperialist system, the US one, arrives a new "bubble" and the 'where there would be and should have arisen the future, "the radiant future" of an advanced, modern world: siliconvalley.
Lehman Brothers seemed the arrival point of a speculative capitalism that would betray his origins, transforming himself into the dominion of the priest finance. Silicon Valley was represented as the alternative to Lehman and instead it was the same thing.
It will serve in the next few days a documented and enriched analysis of what happens, of its causes and its effects. But what already see us enough.
Imperialism in crisis combines crisis with war, and crisis and war produce a putrefied and scientifically dying system, a "paper tiger". The key is that it is far from being dying and its fierce claws resisting death is in the cuisine.
And to transform this situation you need a "tiger" also very fierce, the revolutionary wave of the proletarians and peoples in struggle that also exists Eccomenenel World.
The people of people who are still sparks of the prairie who must bring the prairie on flames to become, capable of burning ilsistema, its states, its governments, its armed forces.
And the Silicon Valley Bank crisis is another strong and clear signal.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-la-crisi-di-silicon-valley.html 
PC 13 March - Editorial - The war in Ukraine is overcoming the "limit". Struggle for peace and action against our imperialism 
Author: fannyhill
Description: The war in Ukraine is gradually slipping towards what it really is, not just a fierce war on the ground between two armies ...
Time: 2023-03-13T11:03:00+01:00
Images: [' download%20(2).jpg ']
The war in Ukraine is gradually slipping towards what really is, not only a fierce war on the ground between two armies that are fighting, the Russian imperialist one and the national/mercenary of Zelensky, armed expesso led by US/born imperialism. An atrocious war that as a show of himself as the trenches of the world war and the ocean of death of the world Iiguerra.
The wars suck, there is no need for the Pope to say it, we Communists said before the "popes", who in most cases have weapons and provided military chaplains.
All the deaths of this war make us horror, they are a reality in the kitchenette must ever get used to it. Human life is worth nothing in the wars, ledivision that divide soldiers of the two sides are like a "strength shirt" that suffocates the breath and prepares for the ferocity of killing and dismayed death.
Just wars!Stop the wars!It is a categorical imperative of the proletarians Edei peoples, it is a cry of anger and humanity in a world that always becomes inhuman.
But this war is already on the eve of something more. 
Behind the wars there are profits, the imperialist system, the tramperialism clash.
And it is quite evident that peace, the end of the wars can only be contained by this system, of all its actors, the great powersegemonic: the United States and their system of NATO alliances; However, the Russian imperialismominor endowed with powerful nuclear weapons; And gradually all the regimics send men to the slaughterhouse, up to the last incarnation of them, a ladising Zelensky media speck, who asks for only weapons and weapons, and all of them, first of all the great producers and their states to give them, acclaim in a single day What would serve to give bread and work and a decent one to millions of men, to bring out of misery and hunger tantipopoli.Therefore, it is urgent to support the movement for peace, even when you deal with a pure illusion, because masses on the field and in the streets are part of the compliance and in general on the other side of the barricade. But clearly IlProblema is of how to make war on war "because this is necessary. Another type of war, the right war. And on this everyone touches the nun.
Our place is here in Italy, in the Italy of imperialism Straccione Main divided, now managed by a government certainly more in tune with the war with peace.
The war in our country, to stop the action of our imperialism in the infringement of weapons, soldiers and bases, in the consequent economy of war, always having as a barometer the bright teaching of Lenin on which the greatest page of fight against war is proved to be the greatest page Of human history, a socialist larivolution of October in Russia, it means the defeat of imperialism, so that the war on the war "proletarian and popular war success in our country. Without this barometer it is not clear how to develop events that develop today in Ukraine, and which means from being in this war.
At the same time, we must feel part, supporting our same warcacter our imperialism, of a war conducted in every country of the mondocontro its imperialism and its government asserted it. Ecerti, even if we do not feel like saying first of all, in Ukraine, the civil war internal to the capital regime, of the Oligarchy of the US/NATO imperialism.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-la-guerra-in-ucraina-sta.html 
Film on “Unbelievable History” marks Florianópolis Anniversary - The New Democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: What the Empire of the Incas of Peru, with its riches of gold and silver, and famous cities of Pedra like Cusco and Machu Picchu, has to do with the past of
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T11:40:38-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T11:45:05-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-13T11:45:05-03:00
Images: []
Section: Povos Indígenas
Tags: ['Caminho de Peabiru']
Type: article
Way turned the Peru to Brazil. Photo: Reproduction
What is the Empire of the Incas of Peru, with its riches of gold and silver, efamosas cities of Pedra like Cusco and Machu Picchu, has to do with the past Deflorianópolis?
"All. Everything to do, although it seems unbelievable, ”says journalist Rosanabond, from the and team, who was invited by the Deflorianópolis City Museum to participate in the 350th anniversary agenda of the SC Cacapital Foundation, this March .
Rosana will give a lecture/debate about the movie _ from MEIMBIPE to Chuquisaca: Sticker of the Inca Empire, _ holder of the Santa Catarina Cinema Award.
The screening of the short film documentary, followed by a conversation with osespectors, will be on March 22, at 2 pm, at the Museum, in the city center. Parcety between City Hall and Sesc, the museum is located at Praça XV de Novembro 214.

Savers and Treasures 
That same day the museum will be conducting a playful activity, comprehensive, about the Spanish invasion of the island of SC in 1777. Thus, in connection that, Rosana's event will have the title of _ before the invasion, Spain island: wrecks and Treasures ._ She is the author of the book that inspired the filme.
The work is _ The saga of Aleixo Garcia - the discoverer of the Inca Empire _ , Queteve Digital version of the publisher Aimberê/and last year, and print version in 2004 by coedita/aimberê/and , today exhausted.

A castaway saved by the Indians 
The 25-minute short film, directed by Carolina Borges Darrebol Produções, tells the fascinating adventure of a sailor, Aleixo Garcia, who sinks on the island of S.Catarina and was saved by the Guarani Carijós Indians.
After a few years living on the island and also in the Massiambu/ Morro dos Cavalos area(Today Palhoça)Aleixo was introduced to pieces of silver and gold stored Indian poorels and invited by traveling away, to a cold place, where such pieces were abundant.

By the path of peabiru 
The Guarani said there was a way there.
Thats how(on a date between 1522 and 1524)The adventurer followed with the friendscarijós, along the path of Peabiru, to the Andes, discovering the opposing Inca Empire several years before the Spaniards, regarded as the conquerors for official history.
“Therefore it was a 'island's little handmade' by adoption, which made one of the greatest fees in the history of the Americas: to reveal to the world the existence of the isoCaic civilization,” says Rosana.

the farce and councilmanJoinville's councilman Henrique Deckmann for several months has been spreading, wrongly, that the path of Aleixo, the path of Peabiru in SC, was made byjoinville and Garuva(Mount Crest Stairs). 
“O objetivo dele é atrair o turismo para Joinville e Garuva. Mas isso é anti-ético e anti-histórico. Usar de farsas, distorcer as coisas, só prejudica osturistas desavisados, os jovens estudantes, etc”, diz Rosana. “Eu já passei aele todos os dados corretos, mas não adiantou. Ele insiste nas inverdades”,lamentou ela.

O percurso verdadeiro 
“O Caminho verdadeiro era por outro lugar”, complementa.
A jornalista, que pesquisa o assunto há 28 anos, e é tida como uma das maioresespecialistas brasileiras no tema, informa que Aleixo Garcia percorreu oPeabiru catarinense saindo da Ilha de SC ou do Massiambu rumo ao norte, pelolitoral. Chegando em Barra Velha ele subiu o Rio Itapocu (Tape boku in the Guarani language, meaning long path).
“Ele passou portanto por B. Velha,S. João do Itaperiu, Guaramirim, Jaraguá doSul e Corupá. Existem cerca de 30 documentos manuscritos, dos anos 1500 e1600, informando que o caminho dos índios (Pairbill)It was by Itapocu. Such wishes were found by researcher Fabio Krawulski Nunes, from Jaraguá, and are registered in the notary's office, ”says the journalist.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/filme-sobre-historia-inacreditavel-marca-aniversario-de-florianopolis/ 
RJ: During demonstration, nurses raise edition of and as a fight flag - the new democracy 
Author: Comitê de Apoio – Rio de Janeiro (RJ)
Description: On March 13, there was a combative demonstration of nurses and nursing technicians in front of the Regional Labor Court (TRT), in Rio de
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T11:45:33-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T11:58:14-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-13T11:58:14-03:00
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-13-at-10.27.19-1-1-1024x768.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-13-at-10.47.11-1-1024x768.jpeg ']
Section: Nacional
Tags: ['enfermeiros', 'greve', 'Luta Classista', 'Piso salarial']
Type: article
Nurses raise and as a fight flag in act of the category on 02/13, in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Database and
On March 13, there was a combative manifestation of nursing ethchnic nurses in front of the Regional Labor Court(TRT), Norio de Janeiro, where the category required its salary floor and the right to strike ascerted by the old state, which defined that only 20% of professionals could participate in the strike. The "justice" did not penalize the bosses who was attended by strike workers.
Propagandists from the Support Committee performed an energetic agitation in the act, selling more than 50 copies and receiving about 30 reais of one -hour protest donations. The workers expressed enthusiasm with the apporation of and and raised the newspapers throughout the demonstration, using edition No. 251 as the flag of their struggle.
 Nurses raise Deand edition in act demanding their salary floor, on March 13, in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Database and
Many workers identified with the 251 edition of and because of Dacapa, which brings as headline ** strikes and land taken to shake the country!and join the growing popular protest. In addition, health professionals agreed with the newspaper's analysis that the various shift goals were unable to ensure the nursing salary floor, promised for over 20 years and never fulfilled, and that only the combative struggle, demonstrations and occupations You can win this right.
The spirit of workers with the propaganda of the and expresses the importance of raising to the heights the dissemination of the popular and democratic press in a claiming cadastor, since it is the only podium that points to the democratic ocaminho masses of boosting popular protest.
 Act of nurses displaying their salary floor, on March 13, in Rio de Janeiro. Photo: Database and
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rj-durante-manifestacao-enfermeiros-levantam-edicao-de-and-como-bandeira-de-luta/ 
PC March 13: Marxist training. Friday 17/3 second lesson held by Prof. Di Marco: "The process of production and reproduction of capital" 
Author: fannyhill
Description: We invite you to reread or resent the first Marxist lesson held on February 6 https: //drive.google.com/file/d/1Srnzhgtfus-bvrj60q4vdpae ...
Time: 2023-03-13T14:26:00+01:00
Images: [' locandina%20completa%20seconda%20lezione%20di%20marco.jpg ']


 We invite you to reread or resent the first Marxist lesson held on February 6 
<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Srnzhgtfus-bvrj60q4vdpae5J01uyk5/view?usp=share_link> 
The "lesson" of prof. Marco's 
Tonight we have to start this demanding cycle of work, so we have a few bluntly to work, I will try to be as clear as possible, clear pyfunns can mean simple, they are two different things, because the matter is overcooked, it is a science and therefore it is complex and science yes she studies.
We decided on this new course between the Rome Assembly and a meeting that we had on the net. Other years we have made meetings of this kind, however, dedicated to the study of a text by Marx, Engels or Lenin. This year, instead we do a different thing, that is, we do not do a rampant cycle on a single text, a single book by Marx Or Engels or Lenin, we mafaccia a themed speech, we try to isolate a problem, a theme.
Let's start from Marx's critical work to the science of the political economy.Marx has passed greatAnd then I start by saying that Marx at 26 wrote in Paris, after being away from Germany, three notebooks dedicated to the political economy in which he was, in one of the salary, capital, interest, profit of the CAPITAL and land income , in another of private property and in another private property and communism. These three texts, thisimanuscript were published only in 1932 and were known as the economic-philosophical such as 1844.
Then the Motes of 1848 broke out, therefore, and we are in 1849, he and engelsfunded a magazine, the new Rena Gazzetta where Marx wrote a series of the DIESTIERALs who were taken by conferences that kept the workers on the report waged work and capital and find it in a Agile volume, Lavorosalariato and Capital , for example, a volume that during the course of Editori this year I would suggest you to read. In these conferences he kept on the Operai he explains the waged work, the capital, even if he had not made the fundamental discoveries he then did.
When he went into exile he studied money in London. He stood 10 years old(In the meantime he had begun to get sick)To work to clarify the enigmadel money, because here we have to talk about money, in short, but to get to the goods, to the capital.
In August 1857 a great capitalist monetary crisis broke out, and Marxisse: here is the opportunity, and that was the Stura to publish seven notebooks on 1857, the outbreak of the crisis, and 1858: 7 notebooks where he made a blaze of his criticism in the 'Political economy, not published: they are called the fundamental links of the criticism of the political economy, _ were unplugged with the German name _grundrisse. _Poi began the long subqualla studio which is the political economy.
Marx had made a great project for the scheme of the political economy, located in the following topics: the first, the capital, the second, the annuity, the third topic, the salary.
The first two are the masters ... the salary are always the owners who ciachain workers and exploit them ... therefore capital, land and salary income. Esono, said Marx, the three parts of civil society: capitalists, ownership(The owners of the earth)and wage workers.Then, after capital, land income, salary, we have three other parts: state, foreign trade, world market, and then the crises. So six parts, these were the sections.
Then the project had to be financed, but there were difficulties(The fact that it was sick, the fact that he had no money, at a certain point IFigli who died him ... then received a small legacy after the death of the Madre and then the project ended up)Under pressure from the publisher in 1859 he published a first part. Then he had to start this very first part of this galactic thing, the capital, Ecio is two chapters dedicated to goods and money. The Grundrisse begins Coldenaro to get to the goods, but then Marx understood that in the exhibition to understand, it was necessary to speak before the goods and then of money; leave more complex and then break it and go to simple thing.
He wrote these first two chapters, the goods and the money; He gave them to the publisher because he needed money, later he stopped. But, he then said that the workers had read and understood them.
In the early years of 1860 he finally began to splash all the other parts, that is, capital, land income, wages, state, foreign trade and marketing market. But at this point he understood that he had to find a point that binds these things and understood that if he traced everything to the concept of capital, you understand better: capital, ist , is, der inbegriff , means the laquinasnce of the thing, because it collects.
So what started to do? First of all he began to write about about the political economy, after which what does he do? "Caregiappa" thisocapital and sees that it is made first of all profit. The profit, made of course, with the sweat of the workers, the master lords if they are loyal between the actual profit of the industrial capitalist, the banker interest, and land income, that is, of the landowner, that is, of the earthly proproperative which can also be the owner of the mines, The Property of the properties(For example, Mr. Mittal has all the things: the profit part of the industrialist, that of the owner, we do not know banks). Quindi qui c'è la spartizione tra questeclassi che, dice Marx, sono fratelli nemici, che però quando si devonospartire il bottino si comportano come una vera massoneria verso gli operai.
In 1867, another economic crisis, another commercial crisis, and Marxpubblica finally made another work that spoke of the capitalist process of the Diproduction, entitled The capital, criticism of the political economy , here is 'capital', but as regards the capitalist process of production.
Then after him he began to work on circulation, that is, the product, the goods, must be sold, and then he began to study circulation(To make you understand: the logistics, the warehouse where the goods station before being was).
Nel 1871 ci fu la Comune di Parigi, cioè gli operai si impadronirono per unmomento del potere, e questa cosa naturalmente cambiò tantissimol'organizzazione della Internazionale per cui Marx ed Engels avevano avviato ilavori. Dopo la Guerra franco-prussiana e dopo la sconfitta della Comune diParigi il centro del movimento operaio, delle lotte operaie si trasferì dallaFrancia alla Germania dove nel 1889 si arrivò alla Fondazione della SecondaInternazionale.
Marx, vuoi per motivi di salute, vuoi perché anche quel genio aveva giàscritto queste cose in appunti, non poté chiudere per la pubblicazione i suoiscritti, proprio perché aspettava sempre qualche crisi che gli confermasse lesue ipotesi.
Poi nel 1883 morì, e allora Engels che cosa fece? Engels pensò bene dipubblicare queste parti non pubblicate. Pubblicò la parte sulla circolazione elo fece diventare il secondo libro del capitale, intitolato Il processocapitalistico di circolazione. In verità Marx gli aveva detto di fare cosìprima di morire, ne avevano parlato. La terza parte, la spartizione delprofitto tra i vari capitalisti, per cui Marx aveva lavorato al contrario diquello che uscì fuori, perché aveva studiato tutta la spartizione delprofitto, poi s'era guardato la produzione, poi si era guardata lacircolazione, cioè era partito dal più complicato per arrivare alle parti…proprio come un biologo che piglia un animale e prima lo guarda tutto intero,poi lo comincia ad anatomizzare, a spezzettare nelle sue parti, e poi ha dinuovo l'intero (So I explained to you the Chesi scientific exposure technique calls dialectic, dialectic is precisely this way of proceeding: there is first of all, as they say technically, an immediate intuition, then I break, here is the analysis, then you have a new synthesis that gives you the previous one, but but you have passed through it).
In fact Marx before he died was interviewed by an American journalist who asked what it really is, being? And Marx replied: The struggle, because the movement is.
This method had also guessed it, even if he did not know what he did, Darwin, who had studied the organic world and had actually discovered this, but he since Marx says, he was a bourgeois influenced by the marketing jetting of the "case": It happens by chance, instead there is an internal law, Emarx discovered it for the company but we see that it also works throughout the wool.
Now we have to extract these things that I said what Ciserve to continue gradually to penetrate all this story: capital, land income, wage work, state, foreign trade, world market, bearing in mind that the quintessence is to bring it back to of capital.
So now let's try to take a step forward again.
Before, however, I must say something that I had forgotten, that of mentioning more important twooperes for Marx: one came out in the years 1843-44 and was called_Leations of criticism of the political economy_- but only that it was Marxche was not Marx, had A mask and his name was Federico di surname Engels ... without this work Marx would not have started working, Engels anticipated him, prepared the job. Then another economic work of Engels always: lasiation of the working class in England , a milestone on Cuimarx builds his work. In the first book of the capital, the production processionary process, in the eighth chapter on the working day, which is the heart of the whole problem, Marx explicitly refers to _ "_ _ the s__station of the working class in England" _ of Engels, who in the Suogeniale Written presents us with the sample for the struggle of the working day, the English working class.
However, all the genes do this, that is, they start from the work already prepared here by altra, in fact Engels said of Marx: he is a genius we are talents, if I would like to say what is the most important thing from which to start a path inmarxism must be started from la Situation of the Ayninghilterra working class._The political economy is responsible for defining what wealth is. This is an object of political economy, and in this sense it is a modern science. Evoi will answer me: and why in antiquity, in the Middle Ages, there were no poor rich, there was no wealth? Answer: Yes and no!There was, but it was another, modern wealth presents itself as follows: each has it in their own money. That's why the political economy must be started by Daldenaro, because this is the specific form of modern richness; Ancient layrics was another thing, it was probably not called even angry, because Marx says in the _grundrisse: _ "at the ancients we never do not do an investigation on which form of land ownership [because lapropriety was clearly land, there were no industries evidently] It creates more productive wealth, greater. Wealth does not appear as a purpose as a production ... the investigation is always aimed at establishing what form of the depths creates the best citizens ". So the problem of the ancients was not the optimal form of production, but which production creates the besticittadini, because the ancients had the problem of forming the best(The best in Greek of says the _aristoi, aristocrats ) _, _ the best citizens in a spiritual sense.
But why, you say, those didn't struggle? The slaves worked!The ones called like this, instrumentarium vocal , production tools, while the animals were instrivumentarium semivocal , semi -vocal tool tools; And the slave is not a citizen, he was below equindes, democracy was the democracy of whom? Of these citizens who eranomed land owners, not large landowners, non -landowners, medium, the average class. A great great theorist, poet, governor, of antiquity - was called Solone - he had made the division of the lands Ele had distributed equally among these average citizens who could also poigrazie to this landed property arm themselves by himself and make the army perceiving the base Army to protect the citizens who armed themselves by himself this was ancient democracy, that is, the democracy of these owners, in fact Solone had placed stones in the lands that marked the variouspropriety. So you see that wealth is not the problem here, IlProblema is of the best citizens, that is, wealth is not the purpose of the production but the purpose of production is to form the best citizens.Marx continues, "therefore the ancient conception of the world according to which man, what his limited national, religious, political determination is the purpose of the production, seems very high towards the Mondomoderno, in which production presents itself as The purpose of man and the wealth of the purpose of production ".
It seems that the ancient conception for which man is the purpose of the production is high of the modern conception for which production is the purpose of man and wealth the purpose of production and underneath there is a sharing, but the modern ones had to arrive for Understanding that there is a losfrutation, for the ancients, no, because the ancients appeared natural, the order of nature appeared.
This is why political economy can only be born in the modern world, where man is the purpose of production, but production is the purpose of man, and wealth the purpose of production ...
So, what should we get to go to socialism? You must get to the production that has man has the purpose of the production, but Nonci you can arrive on the assumption of the ancients if you do not ask slavery, you have to arrive through everything that produced the shit.
Many of the "companies" think of overcoming capitalism returning to who knows the ideal world that has never existed, the small producer, no. You have to do this step to get to find the man, this is Ilpunto. Therefore Marxism has argued with anarchism.
Our problem is to understand this paradox, which is not a paradox, that is, to go through the negative to get to the world in which man is as the purpose of production; But passing through this, why? Why do you have the world market, the greatindustria, the mobile phone, etc., all that you can build rationalism on rationalism.But it is not only the trade, we have made progress, because trade is universal of gold, because marketing means money, goods, the commodity of prosperity, says Marx: in moments of prosperity Ilgrido resounds "only the goods is money", That is, the rich man who holds the goods and checommercia, is the moment of the first colonization, the Eastern Indies, the Netherlands; Instead in moments of crisis only money becomes important. IMONETAristi understand the bank, the trader understands the exchange.
But there is one, however, this too is unilateral, why yes, trade, but the merchandis commerce who produces it? does not descend from the sky? There is someone who Ladeve produce. Behind the goods who is there?
And another great current arrives, now we are in the 18th century, now people arrive, smart, a current arrives called the physiocrats, who are they? There is a great exponent, it's called François Quest. Work called Tableau é economicque , economic table; These are very digrand economists behind the French Revolution. What do you do? They presented themselves as a feudal economists, defended the earth, but behind these faces, behind these signs, these present themselves medieval clothes dresses, instead below they said a very modern thing, these say: the real wealth is the earth, the source of wealth It is the agricultural_lavoro_, it begins to come out _The work, _ the agricultural work. For the products of the earth you create the means of subsistence to eat with the products and the woods of the mines you create the means of production to pearly, so see that the earth And agricultural work are the source of archaeness. And here Marx says: this is a great progress, compared to the Aimonatristi and to the mercantilists we have made enormous progress, because we have been arrivaricated to something that is truly universal, that is, without agricultural work without work in the mines, etc., you may have means of production Emezzi of subsistence? You already see the constant and capital capital here already, means of production and means of subsistence; You have annoying in the nuce and you have the capital in a nuce.At this point what discovered this this question? That the Earth is commendable, and the French Revolution was born on this prerequisite, that is, the thieving of the feudal lands and the possibility of selling the earth. It is not Comevi they taught at school that at some point the French revolution. What does it mean? Do you get off the sky? It is prepared!It means that already Louis XVI was now taking place. Lenin writes a very step on the failure of the International II when he says: "Unarivolution why breaks out"? Not only because there are those who are exploited and do not be exploited more, but also because the exploiter can no longer be kept old relationships ... ".
Marx is very good at understanding the importance of these who begin to discover theplus value. And how did they find out? A large Italian physiocratic, Ferdinando Paoletti said it: "Look at the superiority of the agricultural worker: we put a plate of peas in the hands of a cook who takes these eti peas makes an exquisite dish, put it in the hands of a farmer and lets out unquint" … Here is the agricultural work it produces.
But there was still unilaterality and now we come to the culminating point of political economy, now it can come from the outside world, from the industrialist, the first prince of the political economy, the largest Adamsmith, author of a book, coincidentally: The wealth of nations ._And here comes the political economy, where the problem is however: that _l economy remains at this point , that is, established that wealth is work, as never says Marx, but before Marx others had said it, the worker, that is He who works and goes from one job to another more produces epiù wealth impoverishes? To this the political economy had not given response.
And then, at this point they began to appear in England, all of people who were called social reformers, who before Marxsi began to ask for all this, that is, why the maximum wealth is the maximum misery, as never in England, in The one where the utmost wealth traders, producers, there was the Maximamiseria.
This is all the problem that the economy understands, and it is the greatness of questions. Adam Smith, and then later another, David Ricardo, cynical erare, says Marx Cinici, but who said the truth, because they were doing well produces misery. So? Q Uesto is the way to make a tailpiece ... without concern, the political economy itself shows us with its weapons that the production of maximum wealth is the production of maximamiseria, feel this piece of the manuscripts of 1844: "But since Secondosmith is not a happy society that In which the majority suffers and since the company of maximum wealth of society leads to this suffering of the absence and it is the political economy that leads to this stage of maximaricity, the end of the political economy is therefore, he says, the unhappiness of the heship. "What does it mean: it is true, Marx tells us, in antiquity man was the purpose of the production, in modernity production is the purpose of man and the wealth of production purpose and then to us the ancient world presents itself as The modern one presents ourselves empty ... and empty us ... it's true, says Marx; But once you have erased the bourgeois form it is not wrong that production is the purpose of man, so wealth is the purpose, it is enough to understand that we want to understand by wealth, if by wealthy bourgeois, that sucks, but if wealth means the full butterklery of man, of his creative faculties, an end in himself, that is, I work as well, but it is not that I have to work to be exploited, I do so that that creates me and therefore it is I who want to give up the rest because I want to do it , I can, Marx says, perform the most tiring more tiring activity that is there but because I decide it. Then this most authentic sense that production is the purpose of man, because this time production becomes the production of man himself.
But you see that you can do it only on the basis of the modern world, you must pass through all this because capitalism has created the conditions pending ahead.
You see how the practice lies in science, so I'm not telling you any residence, I'm not telling you the sixth commandment, I am saying that reality necessarily brings you there because through the alienation we have created these conditions. It is, says Marx, to be aware of it, but the condition is there and this is this, here is the criticism of political economy.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-formazione-marxista-venerdi.html 
Peasant rebellion in Caquetá wide the agrarian and national problem of Colombia - the new democracy 
Author: Ângelo de Carvalho
Description: Exhausted from the company's neglect, peasants and indigenous people surrounded one of the imperialist multinational oil extraction fields and set fire to
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T14:38:58-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T14:39:19-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-13T14:39:19-03:00
Images: [' Working-day-with-machinery-in-the-banana-plantations-in-Magdalena-Source-Photography-th.png ']
Section: América Latina
Tags: ['camponeses', 'imperialismo', 'indígena', 'rebelião']
Type: article
Police surrendered by peasants and indigenous people. Photo: EFE/DEFENSORIA DEL PUEBLO
On March 2, more than a thousand peasants and indigenous people burned down on the imperialist oilstock of the Emerald __ Energy and made 79 prolists hostage during a rebellion in Caquetá, southern Colombia. Days later action, the company has suspended operations in the region and requested the cancellation of your contracts in Caquetá. The revolt on 02/03 succeeded a period of more one month of mass demonstrations of the region against the Chinese company andocreated within the wide national scenario of Colombia of peasant uprisings naexigence of land to live and work.
The explosion of the rebellion in Caquetá occurred after Emerald Energy does not comply with peasants' demands. These required road improvement, used to flow of products to the city.
Emerald Energy has been conducting the extraction operations of the Nauregian Colombian oil since 2013. At least 16,000 hectares of the region are under control of the imperialist company.
Exhausted from the company's negligence, peasants and indigenous people surrounded an imperialist multinational oil extraction dishes and settled fire. The repression was soon arriving: police troops and the anti -dewith mobile aquadron(Special force of Colombian repression, known for overuse of strength and the multiple deativist murders and protesters in the country)They were sent to the region to contain peasantbelion, but were submitted by the popular forces.
To the thousands, the peasants and indigenous people surrounded the police, ripped the “public force” asinsindignies of some agents, and kept them hostage. Onscuses of repression troops were also taken and used to escort themilitaries as far as they would be detained. Videos show the nailed police officers from the organized peasant mass that escorted them. Once reunited, the police received food and water. At least one peasant, in Namel Arévalo, and a policeman died as a result of the conflict.
Reproduction: Twitter
Shortly after the disclosure of the event, the old Colombian state began amobilization for the release of the police. Without moving efforts to meet mass expertise, opportunistic president Gustavo Petro threatened the camponees: "I hope from offenders the unilateral release of the Povernment officers before a new climb of violence is caused."#
Peasants no longer support landlords and imperialism 
The peasant rebellion in Caquetá occurred in the wide scenario of protecting ups throughout Colombia, driven by the serious crisis of the deep ehistorical exploration of Colombian peasants and indigenous people. floods. In the past year, peasants and indigenous people made several by the land of the land or defense of theirterritories .
Na atual escalada da luta pela terra, tem se tornado comum os camponesescolombianos renderem as forças policiais por todo o país. Em janeiro, umapatrulha de 30 militares reacionários da Força Conjunta Ômega foi rendida porem torno de 300 camponeses na região de Meta. A região concentra um alto nívelde militarização justificado pelo exército reacionário colombiano por“operações contra forças guerrilheiras”. Em verdade, operações do exércitoreacionário colombiano para manter as massas da região aterrorizadas eprevenir levantes e rebeliões na região. Como resultado, é frequente oassassinato, tortura e sequestro de camponeses pelos militares reacionários,bem como a montagem de “cenas de conflito”, onde camponeses são assassinados eos militares plantam armas ao lado dos cadáveres para simular os “confrontoscom guerrilheiros” - numa prática muito semelhante ao que realizam aspoliciais militares de todo o Brasil para criminalizar a juventude preta efavelada.
Leia também: Colômbia: Exército reacionário realiza genocídio contra 11camponeses This high level of repression against peasant and indigenous masses by the repression of the old Colombian state is not a new fact in the history of the Dacolombia. In fact, they are sustained by the country's own historical formation and economic development, historically dominated and tied by the imperialism and with an erected economy on landlord and a fragile and an industrialization focused on the foreign market.

The historic agrarian and national problems of ColombiaSuch domination is seriously expressed in 1903, when it uses it, after intervening in the War of the Thousand Day(Conflict between sectors of the Colombian Latifundian bourgeoisie), leads to the separation of the Panama Canal from the Territoriocolombian and the formation of the Republic of Panama, where it will also establish its imperialist diplode. 
Still as an expression of this domination, Yankee imperialism will favor Latifundium's softening in Colombia and concentrate the economy of the Latinonas hands of the large US imperialist companies. Case emblematic is from_united Fruit Company_, which in the early twentieth century monopolized around 70% of the production of Colombian banana and concentrated, under the concession of the Colombian old stretch, huge large estates under his dominion, especially in the Marta Dismanta region.
 Peasants work on United Fruit banana plantation in Médomagdalena in 1929. Photo: United Fruit Collection
This is the case of united Fruit itself. While boosting olatifundium in Colombia, the imperialist company subjected its own employees to semi -feudal production relations. In this relationship, the peasants who worked in the company's estates received most of their overhaul in the form of multinational coupons. These coupons could only be spent with united fruit , buying the products that the company brought from the same ships it used to export bananas to England. That is, a typical shed regime where peasants are assumely salaried, but are required to spend their entire money as its own landowner, which receives back the "salary" paid to the peasant.
Thus the domination of Yankee imperialism in Colombia: Yankee capital in the Latin country, are one of those portraits: in Anode 1913, USA investments in Colombia totaled 4 million dollars. of 32 million dedollars. The amount increased to $ 280 million in 1929.This exploitation of the people, the land, and the natural riches of Colombia was not passively led by the masses. Throughout the twentieth century, armed peasant erebelions exploded for Colombia. It was the example of strikecontra a united fruit , in 1928, which brought together thousands of peasants against Yankee amultinational. At the time, the old Colombian state sent the army to repress the uprising, leaving a balance of between 800 and 3,000 dead.
The land monopoly is responsible for submitting, even today, the peasants under the estimated landlord to a regime of exploration based on the servitude and pre-capitalist and semi-feudal in production. And also by suffocating small and midfielders in the country from the concentration of land, doscapital and credits provided by the old state.
Other uprisings also occurred in the 1930s, after Liberallópez Pumarejo did not comply with the reforms he had promised during the campaign; and in 1944, when pumarejo again elected, he promoted the counter -training, prolonging for ten years the alleged delivery of unproductive land to depamps from the country. In 1945, the Colombian landowner will lead several ways against Colombian peasants and indigenous people, including the formation of paramilitary armies(gunmen)in various regions dopais. As a result, armed peasants and workers rise in places as the Oriental Llanos, in the Middle Magdalene region and in Barrancamerja to stop the Yankee monopolies and the latifundal gunmen. To the long -term of the 1950s, these peasants(from landless peasants to small and medium peasants, as well as tenants)Go -conforming to self -defense and guerrilla movements by Colombia, base for the development of the famous Colombian guerrillas in the 1960s.#
Social-Chinese Socialism Search Break of Colombian Territory 
With all their investment in the Latin country, the Yankees also seek to increase the influence of the influence of other imperialist powers in territorocolombian, such as the social-imperialist China. Beyond the Oil Emcaquetá(now in suspension), Chinese social-imperialism has dozens of other projects in Colombian territory.
Having grown exponentially between 2008 and 2019, these projects encompass from mining and oil to construction of roads, subway lines and ports. In 2022, there were at least 100 Chinese Colombian companies and 38 active investments, which total $ 2.04billion.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/rebeliao-camponesa-em-caqueta-escancara-o-problema-agrario-e-nacional-da-colombia/ 
Casa do Choro presents & quot; Goiás Velho & quot; Maurício Carrilho - The New Democracy 
Author: Rosa Minine
Description: Casa do Choro, in Rio, has presented works by Brazilian authors of the past and also contemporary, through videos available on its channel in
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T14:59:09-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T15:01:52-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-13T15:01:52-03:00
Images: [' AzXEwd0XnK8 ']
Section: Agenda Cultural
Tags: ['Agenda Cultural', 'Casa do Choro', 'compositor', 'Goiás Velho', 'Kazumi Ishigaki', 'Kyota Nakagawa', 'maurício carrilho', 'Miho Nishida', 'Sanae Nishizawa', 'Shinya Setono', 'Takashi Miyamoto', 'Takehiko Hokazono', 'violonista', 'Youtube']
Type: article
The Casa do Choro , in Rio, has presented works by Brazilian authors of pasta and also contemporary, through videos made available in theircanal on YouTube.
Below: The video with the song Goiás Velho , by guitarist and composer Maurício Carrilho . Guitarist Participations: Kazumi Ishigaki , Kyota Nakagawa , Miho Nishida , Sanae Nishizawa , Shinyasetono , Takashi Miyamoto and Takehiko Hokazono .
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/casa-do-choro-apresenta-goias-velho-de-mauricio-carrilho/ 
More than 80 peasants are found submitted to semi -feudal relations in RS - the new democracy 
Author: Gabriel Artur
Description: At least 82 peasants were being subjected to semi -feudal relations were in two rice cultivation properties in Uruguaiana, in the border region
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T15:23:25-03:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T19:08:10-03:00
Updated Time: 2023-03-13T19:08:10-03:00
Images: [' image-10-995x1024.png ']
Section: Luta Pela Terra
Tags: ['semifeudalidade', 'Servidão']
Type: article
About 82 peasants were subjected to semi -feudal relations in Uruguaiana(RS). Foto: Reprodução
Pelo menos 82 camponeses estavam sendo submetidos a relações semifeudais foramem duas propriedades de cultivo de arroz em Uruguaiana, na região da FronteiraOeste do Rio Grande do Sul, a 630 quilômetros de Porto Alegre (RS). A situaçãomotivou uma operação da Polícia Federal (PF)together with the Public Ministry of Labor(MTP)and the Regional Labor Management at Estânciassanta Adelaide and São Joaquim, on March 11.
The 82 peasants(being 11 teenagers from 14 to 17 years old)They came from the Itaqui, São Borja, Alegre and Uruguaiana Mistrics and the manual rice cut and the application of pesticides, receiving $ 100 per day, paid weekly. According to the MPT, the activity performed without protective equipment(being the pesticide applied with a chemical bar), without contract, without proper tools(being to the peasant carngodos buy the tools)And with journeys and can last more than 15 hours.
The peasants also denounce numerous “accidents” of work. In one of them, one of the teenagers had an accident with a machete and was without finger movements of the foot.
Part of the peasants was housed in a shed, about 1h from the crops(route that were on foot under the scorching sun), where they slept in mattresses and did not have toilets or water supply. Due to poor diet, caloriers in the region and use of toxic products, peasants often adhered to. The days when they needed to stay away from illness were disgusted from salary.
According to the Occupational Occupational Auditor Vitor Siqueira Ferreira, in an interview withnopoly G1, so far, it is not known who has employed the officers: "We are checking who the real employer is. A crop to a person, but that person would have hired one Roble company sow and cultivate rice. This company would be responsible for the management that resulted in hiring these people, "he explains.

Also in RS, peasant is found paying to live and work in chief 
In São José do Herval, in northern Rio Grande do Sul, a 59 -year -old man was semi -feudal relations was found on March 7 in one place. According to MTP, the peasant wore an electronic anklet, due to a pony that was fulfilled for a crime committed. Therefore, any attempt to leave local would be informed to the police.
 Peasantly paid to live and work on a sticker. Photo: Reproduction

Faithful portrait of semi -feudality 
According to the PF and the MPT, the case of Uruguaiana is the largest number of work in a situation “analogous to slavery” already registered in the city, the highest registered in the history of the state. In numbers, the case is atirasapenas of the 207 peasants submitted to semi -feudal relations in the Dauva Harvest in Latifundia wineries of Bento Gonçalves, Sergaúcha , in February.
The case came to light after the complaint of six peasants who fled to the scholarships. Bahia, they stated that, by the work proposal, they would have the food, lodging and transportation paid by the employers. They were in Rio Grande do Sul, they were coerced to pay for accommodation and buy a store that practiced high prices, such as a bean bag for $ 22. The ratio is popularly known as a “shed regime”, when apparently wage earner,, He is obliged to buy with the Lord consumption goods at hyperinflated prices, form through which the Lord, the Lord, takes him the "salary" he paid him.
In testimonials given after the escape, the peasants reported that they have been sparse and threatened by military police. According to the reports, police officers have a deal with the owner of the accommodation where the peasants were in precarious conditions during the harvest of the grape crop.
At the time, the article “RS: Great wineries impose servitude and torture 200 peasants”, published by and , elaborates on the easement imposed by peasants: “Unlike incorporating these peasants into morevanted labor relations(capitalist), the large estates take advantage of the character of those to establish the most brutal work relations, inland, as recorded in exhaustion in the so -called 'analogous works to slavery'(semi-slave and semi-feudal forms). Mesmo o ‘agronegócio’,que emprega força de trabalho extensiva, não absorve tal massa camponesa senãoque em atividades complementares à produção, como rescaldo após colheita noscultivos pelos maquinários, em formas variadas de servidão.”.
News Source: https://anovademocracia.com.br/mais-de-80-camponeses-sao-encontrados-submetidos-a-relacoes-semifeudais-no-rs/ 
PC 13 March - Tunisia: that migrants die ... - Below is a legitimate comment on the Meloni government 
Author: maoist
Description: Tunisia, the coast guard takes the engines from the boats and leaves migrants to drift ...
Time: 2023-03-13T17:11:00+01:00
Images: [' download.jpg ']

 Tunisia, the coast guard takes the engines from the boats and leaves the migrantialla derives
The complaint comes from the NGO Alarm Phone. The Tunisian coast guard has seven barrels and tires of migrants in front of Kerkennah. After the engines, the engines left the drifting boats with inlatfragon on board. "We don't have a home anymore, they expelled us. We have lost their jobs. We don't have a place to sleep, no money. The only way to survive is to leave. But the Tunisians don't even want us to leave", they had migrants in Alarm Phone when they contacted the NGO to launch unarichiesty of help. To help them, some fishermen who have pulled them arose. For weeks, the Tunisian president Sied has declared African aimigrant war, accusing them of wanting to "change the Arab identity of the country".
Editorial by Luigi Ferraioli on Il Manifesto online 
The tragedy of the 73 people left to drown in the sea without aid and the painted policy of the government forcefully propose the question of migrants. Beyond the specific faults of our authorities for the omissions dysovers, are our laws and the political and cultural climate from Siecenerato The real responsible for these catastrophes.
Giorgia Meloni tries to download these responsibilities on the smugglers, preparing for their penalties up to 30 years and, above all, claiming that migrants stop migrants, preventing them from leaving.
Obviously ignore that migrating is a fundamental right, established dagliarticoli 13 and 14 of the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, from article 12 of the pactinternational of 16 December 1966 and even from article 35 of ourCostation, and would therefore be an illegal to hinder its exercise.
Not only. It is also the oldest of fundamental rights, having been statoproclated since 1539 by Francisco De Vitoria in support of the conquest of the "new world", when it was only the Europeans who "emigrated" to colonize to raise the rest of the planet.Today that asymmetry has turned upside down and the exercise of the right to emigrate the only life alternative for millions of desperate people who run away from the countries, first deptedged by our conquests and now upset by the Daiserre, by misery and exploitation determined by our policies , not only has the foundation in our same tradition forgotten, Malo represses himself with the same ferocity with which he brandished it at the origins of modern civilization for the purpose of robbery and colonization.
On the other hand, there is another aspect of the migratory policy of this Governoche reports its hostility to save in the sea. It has manifested itself with the "NGO Decree" of last February, which by resuming Lineasalvini, conditions the qualification of ships to save people at sea auna series of senseless bureaucratic requirements, introduces aisalized obstacles, such as the prohibition of the so -called multiple rescues, And it provides, for commanders who violin these absurd prescriptions, penalties from 10 to 50.000euro, the detention for two months and, in cases of reiteration of the violations, laconfisca of the ship used for the saves.
It is a qualitative leap in the same forms of populism. The old populismopenal leveraged the fear for road crime and subsistence, that is, for emphasized but still illegal phenomena, in order to produce fear eouraging consent with useless and demagogic measures, but still always legitimate, such as the tightening of the penalties decided with the varipackets safety.
The new populism, on the contrary, leverages the instigation to hatred and on the speaking of not only legitimate but heroic conduct, such as the inare rescue, in order to obtain consent to measures themselves illegal, ecru crimingenic criminals, such as closing more ports accessible and the procurement of rescue.
This new populism is producing enormous damage to the tissue of our democracy. For populist demagogy, who always needs an enemy, Ilmigrante impersonates the ideal enemy, due to the latent racism that to perceive him as a lower person and ontologically illegal.
It is clear how racism is the effect, rather than the cause, of the sea massacres: it is the "condition", Michel Foucault wrote lucidly, which makes "the death" of a part of humanity. Since only ilrazzism makes tolerable that thousands of people drown every year in the mediaditerranean.They become contagious and normalize. We would not understand, otherwise, the mass consent of which Nazism and fascism enjoy. These unfair policies, sowing fear and hatred for the different, devaluing the elementary feelings of equality and solidarity, discrediting the practice of the rescue of those who are in perpetricity, are poisoning our societies and deforming the democratic identity of Italy e of Europe.
News Source: https://proletaricomunisti.blogspot.com/2023/03/pc-13-marzo-tunisia-che-i-migranti.html 
Manifestation against “The Interoceanic Corridor” 
Author: socialistiskrevolution
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T19:50:34+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T19:50:34+00:00
Description: We have received documentation of a protest against the “Interoceanic Corridor” that took place in front of the Mexican Embassy organised by Anti-Imperialist Collective. The activists stood with a …
Images: [' 1-2.jpg ', ' 2-2.jpg ', ' 3-2.jpg ']
Type: article
Categories: ['Uncategorized']
We have received documentation of a protest against the “InteroceanicCorridor” that took place in front of the Mexican Embassy organised by Anti-Imperialist Collective.
 The activists stood with a banner with the slogan “The Interoceanic Corridorplunders and kills poor peasants and indigenous peoples in Mexico!”, whilethey distributed leaflets condemning the imperialist mega-project which isresponsible for multiple deaths and disappearances at the hand of the oldMexican land-lord bureaucratic state and its henchmen.
  We also received the leaflets that were distributed at the embassy, which wehave reproduced below:
Proletarians of all countries, unite! 
The “Interoceanic Corridor” plunders and kills poor peasants andindigenous peoples in Mexico! 
In the state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico, the poor peasants have beenfighting for years against mega-projects that the old state is building incooperation with the imperialists. The peasants are being robbed of their landso that huge wind farms can be built on the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. In thisway, the peasants are expropriated, nature is destroyed and the population isdisplaced.
The project known as the “Interoceanic Corridor”, located at the Isthmus ofTehuantepec, which is the narrowest point in Mexico between the Pacific Oceanand the Atlantic Sea. It will consist of a high-speed rail system goingbetween ports in order to open up a new logistical hubs of the imperialists inthe region. This, however, is at the cost of the poor peasants and theindigenous peoples in the area.The Mexican state, with the help of the murderous gangs that work for it, isenforcing the interests of the imperialists at the expense of the people ofthe Isthmus of Tehuantepec and any means will do. Our solidarity is with thestruggling poor peasants and the popular movements, such as the People’sCurrent Red Sun(Red Sun People's Current), which fights tirelessly andsacrificially for the needs and interests of the people. We demand therelease of all imprisoned fighters of the people. We demand the immediate livepresentation of the disappeared. We demand an end to the repression and terrorof the old Mexican state and its henchmen. 
Stop the terror against the Mexican People! 
The “Interoceanic Corridor” plunders and kills poor peasants and indigenouspeoples in Mexico! 
Forwards in building the anti-imperialist front! 
Anti-Imperialist Collective March 2023
Contact us: AIKollektiv@protonmail.com News: Socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com
Advertisement
News Source: https://socialistiskrevolution.wordpress.com/2023/03/13/manifestation-against-the-interoceanic-corridor/ 
NAV admits new EEA errors 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: NAV admits that for several years they have misinterpreted the rules in matters of family benefits to people living abroad. At the same time, they ask people themselves to find out if they are affected by incorrect decisions.
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T20:27:31+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T20:27:38+00:00
Images: [' TFMpenger-1160x773.jpg ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Innenriks'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

NAV admits that for several years they have misinterpreted the rules in cases of emptying family benefits to people living abroad. At the same time, they ask people to find out if they are affected by incorrect decisions. 
In the so-called "social security scandal" in 2019, it was stated that NAV's practice of spiritual social security recipients to include social security benefits, such as work clarification money, sickness benefit and nursing money, to other EEA countries in violation of the EEA rules. Severants had been unjustly sentenced to imprisonment and imprisonment and imprisonment and imprisonment and imprisonment and imprisonment and imprisonment and imprisonment and prison sentence and prison sentence and imprisonment. Backed the benefits now acknowledges NAV that they have also misinterpreted the rules to take fellow family benefits, such as child benefit, cash support and transitional benefits to single providers, to the EEA area. Setter lawyer Henry John Mæland said in February VG that they are working to review penalties in matters of family benefits, and that he is currently aware of a case that is relevant for legal reopening.
The erroneous practice has been going on for years. In NAV's press release, Deat writes "for child benefit and benefit to the single mother or father applies to the practice change with effect from 1 January 1994," and "For cash support, the change applies from 1. August 1998, which is the month of performance, was introduced in Norwegian law. ” They wrote that “we ask those who believe they may be affected by the changes to roof contact with us. We do not have an overview of who this may apply, and it will be very difficult and time -consuming to look for them. "
This is what a law professor at the University of Oslo, Christoffer Conraderiksen, responds to. He tells VG: _ “Very many can be mistakenly denied benefits on child benefit, transitional benefit and cash support. I think it is strange Atnav proposes a scheme where those who were affected must contact themselves. jail. So the facet is that the Storting still does not serve to investigate the matter to the bottom. Neither Solberg nor the Stostes government(sic)have wanted to give the public the openness that is necessary to understand what has happened. ”_
He also expressed to VG: _ “It looks like now, with what we know the AV2014 report_(Report on Social Security Export from 2014 Our Note.) and the case case indicates a conscious attitude from the authorities to the trekking room, and let those who go on social security pay the price of the error assessments. ” References: NAV admits new EEA error: Criminal cases can be reopened-vg Social Security Scandal: Ask NAV to clean up itself - vg NAV changes the practice of family benefits in the EEA area-Navsnet pages 
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/13/nav-innrommer-ny-eos-feil/ 
Brazil: 1400 peasant families occupy Latifundos across the country 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: The farmers occupy land that officially belongs to the state and is set aside for "agricultural reform", but the areas are in a few Latifundists' hands, and in most cases without any documentation ...
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T21:39:20+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T21:39:26+00:00
Images: [' fnl.png ', ' AL0EqhVIzDoKNniqIGJDvjEdHkTB3K8-gzJKR4VSET5p_YS_JnBiMqa6i2vdQ04c4C35E4YezGEMt6Vxkhb6OksdKbAevFz0BPufOoITOknmqwYliy1F-clTMuhsLH-PSqyZ-7Ui4byRFM2v ', ' Ikbef1LGTnFxqH3hlznc_ExBwwfX_q6VYHEQOHlcM9TwiKmyrWOYYIg55DitxI7I9DRLu-E3tCQ2lTBpsISVHSKVvcUhpd4poLhrKAR_NTrL6gE8zfgQlVNLf89VtJmHUjAvWIGHO7DrPF3N ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Latin-Amerika'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

Farmers occupy land that officially belongs to the state and is set aside for "agricultural reform", but the areas are in a few Latifundists' hands, and in the most cases without any documentation. Among these is also the Norwegian group Umoe. 
Thousands of farmers occupied dozens of Latifundos across the Brazil under the "red carnival", a wave of occupations led by the national struggle front - the countryside and the city(FNL).
FNL opplyser at i begynnelsen av februar fant flere okkupasjoner sted i AltaPaulista-regionen, i São Paulo. 164 familier okkuperte gårder i NovaIndependência (Santa Terezinha farm), Monte Castelo(Paz-Gården)branch(Marambaia farm).
9. februar okkuperte 68 familier i delstaten Alagoas et område i nabolagetZélia Rocha, Arapiraca. I Maragogi okkuperte 83 familier gården Girassol. 13.februar okkuperte dusinvis av familier et annet område i Arapiraca.
17. februar ble et 13 hektar stort område som hadde stått tomt i over ti årog eies av boligselskapet Ponta Grossa (Prolar), I Ponta Grossa, Paraná, Okkupert Av Over 70 Familier.
18 . Februar Okkuperte Rundt 410 Familier Tre Latiformar Vest I Sao Paulo, IREGIONEN Pontal de Paranapanema, I Marabá Paulista(Fazenda Floresta Ogfazenda São João), Rosana(São Lourenço Farm), President Venceslau(Fazenda São Francisco)and Sandovalina(Fazenda São Domingos, the area of the Norwegian Latifundist Umoe Bioenergy, where there was a [attack on the peasants of the 2012])(https://anovademocracia.com.br/sp-pistoleiros-atacam-acampamento-campones-no-pontal/)).
Umoe-konsernet er eid av den norske milliardæren og MDG-politikeren JensUlltveit-Moe. Etanolproduksjon i Brasil utgjør den klart største delen avUmoe-konsernet, og latifundioen er på 40.000 hektar, nesten like stort somhele Oslo kommune. Her dyrkes det sukkerrør som blir til etanol, og som brukessom biodrivstoff i Brasil.
19. februar okkuperte rundt 540 familier en latifundio i Mirante doParanapanema i São Paulo, Presidente Epitácio og Teodoro Sampaio. Samme dagokkuperte bondefamilier i Japorã, Mato Grosso do Sul, Fernanda-gården, jordsom tilhørte en avdød narkotikahandler, der registreringa foreløpig er trukkettilbake av retten.
20. februar okkuperte 40 familier et område i Jacipora-distriktet i Dracena iSão Paulo. Okkupasjonen fikk navnet José Gonçalves da Silva.
 Military police suppress farmers, Ponta Grossa. Photo: fnl 
The coordinator has condemned the military police's action to local newspapers and tells that the military police said to a worker, who showed the work sign Sitog said that he was a worker, that it did not matter, and that they would burn this resident alive inside his cabin.
Two FNL occupations were attacked and shot at paramilitaries from Latifundio18. February, in the Pontal de paranapanema region of São Paulo.
In Rosana, at the farm São Lourenço, armed men shot at peasant families, the cars of the destruction and put up barricades in front of the camp. According to the movement, there was a strong police apparatus, with helicopters and vehicles. In the President VenceSlau, the Imarieli Franco camp, heavily armed men in the occupied area and disregarded peasant families from the scene needed.
 One of the farmers' broken cars. Photo: snl An article entitled « on the request of FNL occupies farmlatifundios across the country ", Published by and in February 2022, under the" red carnival "that year, says:" The great mobilization of which stooled in the occupation of Latifundios across the country meets the desire for workers who, to the colossal crisis applied to them, the led to Understanding and seeking to solve their problems by conquering a piece of soil. With this, the contradiction takes the earthless farmers against Latifundi -shape and develops, as part of the fundamental contradiction in society, the masses of semi -finest(a contradiction that was never resolved, while nesters encouraged by the old state)".
The article concludes with: "It is under this scenario that more and more families are mobilizing to get a piece of soil, and face the trial of Åkriminalize popular movements and attacks from military and paramilitary gangs on orders from the Latifundos."
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/13/brasil-1400-bondefamilier-okkuperer-latifundioer-over-hele-landet/ 
Listhaug open to deprive the Sami protection 
Author: Tjen Folket Media
Description: Sylvi Listhaug (Frp) has made statements against the "special treatment" of the Sami, and believed Norway must withdraw from international conventions that protect indigenous peoples. This is reported by Adresseavisen and NRK. So are…
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T21:55:20+00:00
Modified Time: 2023-03-13T21:55:26+00:00
Images: [' listhaug-1160x650.png ']
Tags: None
Category: 'Innenriks'
 * 
By a commentator for the Earn Folket Media.

Sylvi Listhaug(FRP)Have made statements against "special treatment", and believed Norway must withdraw from international conventions who protect indigenous peoples. This is reported by Adresseavisen and NRK. The special treatment of Samenstrider against basic democratic principles as the principle of equality, and gears a veto right to a small group of people claiming Listhaug. The statement shell has come to the Progress Party's national board meeting on March 11. 
Similar thoughts have recently been expressed by Finansavisa's editor Trygve Hegnar, when he claimed that the Sami put their self -interests ahead of society, and that "the interests of the Sami trump everything."
Thus, a door opens to ease international conventions and promise when these become financially impractical.
This is an expression of an escalation of the state's crusade towards the Sami people Ikjølvannet of the Fosen protests. It is unlikely that the illegally erect windmills will be demolished, as the interests of great monopolies take precedence over all other considerations under capitalism. It is also worth noting how talk of democracy is used to justify abuse against an entire group of people, raising for Statkraft and Stadvercke Munich. This shows how the civil principle of "equality for the law" is just a formality. In reality, the institutions of the institutions only serve the capital. The Norwegian state, like all the other old states, is reactioned in the face of the crisis of capitalism, this case is expressed by the state taking on an increasingly -relaxed relationship with its own laws and international conventions.
Norway's working and poor should not be fooled and teared up by the sameness, or believe in the charges that "the flow is expensive because of the Sami." The fact that the state can break its own laws only it is profitable is a development that does not barefill the Sami, but all other working and poor in Norway.
References ** FRP opens to terminate international conventions that provide special rights Sami - Dagsavisen [Redaktor states the statement that the Sami are greedy - no.(https://www.nrk.no/tromsogfinnmark/redaktor-star-for-utsagn-om-at-samer-er-gradige-1.16331498)
News Source: https://tjen-folket.no/index.php/2023/03/13/listhaug-apen-for-a-frata-samene-beskyttelse/ 
For an imperialist attack, raise the flag of the Folk War! 
Author: lipunkantaja
Time: 2023-03-13T95:00:00-04:00
Images: [' KKL-lippu.png ']
Categories: ['Kansainvälinen Kommunistien Liitto', 'Yleinen']
 -All -country proletarians, join together! 
against the imperialist attack, raise high folk flag! 
On February 24, Russia's full -time offensive war against Ukraine has been angry for a year. This unjustified war has created thousands of dead and millions of refugees. Despite the national traders of the national traders, led by the Yankees Lake Zelenskiy, the Ukrainian people have defended their homeland heroism and the Russian attacker has not been able to achieve their goals.
A summary of many contradictions and interests in Ukraine has created a less lavish confusion in some communist and generally anti-imperialist forces, some even seem to think we are on the dawn of the New World War. Therefore, it is necessary to set a clear people in favor of the union of the Communists.
The main conflict is between Ukraine, an imperialism of imperialism, and Russia, an imperialist country. Regardless of the Ukrainian administration's classroom and its service to other imperialist powers, mainly to the US supervisor, even the minimum confusion in this point leads to denying Ukraine's right to independence and national sovereignty, and thus, at least indirectly, to support the interests of Russian imperialism.As these external contradictions act as circumstances, the internal contradiction within the nation develops. Zelenskiy's administration is in the bacon's conflict with the enormous majority of the Ukrainian people, making the trade trade with their legitimate patriotic feelings, the application of the application without any democratic rights of law. The rights of opinion, gathering and organization are being trampled on by celebrity and šovinistic repression, and the administration is based on open -fascist military formations to crush all the dissatisfaction expressions of the people. It sabotages the people's independent armed resistance by relying on the weapons of the Yankee, who has been enthusiastic about, a fearful people who is the only one who really defends the nation. Samallase sells its country to the last inches, enriching themselves and their friends as the population carries the burden of war. It is indeed the administration of national traitors, US-imperialism mercenaries. The only way to the Ukrainian people is to lean on their own forces and to defend the nation against the traitors selling foreigners and their country. Here is the key factor on the leadership leadership, as the center of the People's Pool, through the Communist Party, directed by Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Only under the leadership of the Communist Party, the people's resistance warfare can be converted into a real peoples, through which the intruder, all imperialists and their marionette can be expelled from Ukraine soil. Today, there is no such Communist Party, but there are communists, revolutionary and consistent anti-imperialists that global communists need to progress in their international proletariat in the adoption of ideology, Marxism-Leninism-Maoism. Without ideology, there is no communist party. Without a communist party, no democracy for the people, national liberation or revolution. The most advanced revolutionary forces must be supported ideologically, politically, morally, and material, so that they can progress in the face of the great difficulties they encountered in the battle of the Communist Party; It's a key task.As the chairman Mao has taught, we communists are not afraid of the world of war, I am not afraid of the nuclear war, we are against it, and we do everything to prevent a revolution in order to oppose the recession in the People's War. By condemning imperialist aggression and imperialist warfare, we must never forget this. Imperialistic aggression is defeating by the folk war.
Russian imperialism out of Ukraine! 
Live the Ukrainian People's Battle! 
down the Yankee imperialism and all its guys! 
forward in fighting in Ukraine, Russia and the whole world in the reconnecting of communist parties! 
_The union of communists _
8 . February 2023 
News Source: https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2023/03/13/imperialistista-hyokkaysta-vastaan-kohottakaa-korkealle-kansansodan-lippu/ 
Market in Baguio City, feared deliberately burned 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T97:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The Kadamay group is investigating the fire on March 11 to consume one part of the Baguio City Public Market. It broke 1,700 stall, along with approximately ₱ 24 Misle
Images: [' baguio-city-public-market-fire-1024x768.jpeg ']
Categories: None
Type: article
 The Kadamay group is investigating the fire on March 11 in one part of the Baguio City Public Market. It broke 1,700stall, including approximately ₱ 24 million products and properties.
"It is a concern that every time the government has a plan to privatize a place and the people have a protest, they are followed by a fire," the group said. In the 2020's the privatization plan of this sale.
"Before the fire was extinguished, Baguio City Mayorbenjamin Magalong immediately came out of the mouth that he wanted to" fast track "the public-privatepartership(PPP)Project to make the relocation set up(of meals)And the rehabilitation of the market will continue, "he said.
The local government intends(Robinsons)at and(SM).
Mula't sapul, inaalmahan na ng mga manininda at maliliiit na negosyo angplanong pribatisasyon ng palengke. Ito ay dahil planong itaas ang babayarannilang upa mula ₱11 tungong ₱50 kada kwadrado metro sa itatayong "modernong"palengke. "Nangangahulugan ito ng mas mataas na presyo ng mga paninda para samag residente ng Baguio," anila.
"Hindi na bago ang paggamit ng sunog sa mga espasyong pinag-iinteresan ng mgamalalaking negosyo," ayon sa Kadamay. "Madalas mangyari ang 'hot demolition'sa mga informal settlements na gustong tayuan ng mga mall at condominium."
Kabilang sa mga halimbawa na ibinigay ng grupp ang pagsunog sa Sityo San Roquepara maitayo ang Vertis North Project ng Ayala at ang mga komunidad sa baybayng Cavite para para maituloy ang proyektong reklamasyon sa Manila Bay.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/palengke-sa-baguio-city-pinangangambahang-sadyang-sinunog/ 
Petition for all Marxist-Lenin-Maan-resident parties and organizations join the International Communist Federation! 
Author: lipunkantaja
Time: 2023-03-13T97:00:00-04:00
Images: [' KKL-lippu.png ']
Categories: ['Kansainvälinen Kommunistien Liitto', 'Yleinen']
 _ The proletarians of all countries, join together!_ 
Petition for all Marxist-Lenin-Maan-based parties to join the International Communist Federation! 
Successful keeping of the united International Conference The establishment of the inter -divisional communist union is the achievements of the international proletariat and a crushing attack against the general counter -revolutionary offenses of imperialism and world Germany, as well as against revisionism and all opportunism. Less than two months have passed since this leap production; Public statement and decision statements were translated into 15 languages, and the establishment was celebrated at the actual in 20 countries, with hundreds of acts, which included graffiti, flag lifting, banner hanging, posters gluing, pamphlet spreading and a large communist protest with hundreds of participants in Germany. It is an unprecedented history that communists in a dozen countries have made an action -packed slogan: merge under Maoism!Down revisionism!Long live the Communist Association!The number and quality of the acts of the aquatic leap is the historical importance of the leap and are a glimpse of the powerful impulse that the international communist movement is in control.
The establishment of the International Communist Federation is a result of a long jamon-like process, with over four years exceeding diversification and connecting the international communist movement under Marxism-Leninism as a commander and guide of the World Revolution. Only by understanding this decades long process can understand the historical revolution in the establishment of an interim Communist Association Jasen's deep strategic content.In YMK, parties and organizations that have supported different views - through the battle of two lines, practicing - criticism -criticism - in an honest and comrade -high ideological and political unity that has been seen over the last decade. This is a thorough example of the fact that the communists with a unmoded want to merge under Maoism!The fragmentation of the international proletariat is only the advantages of revisionism and recession.
KKL's political and principle statement expresses the unity that 15 parties and organizations throughout the world achieved firmly, it is a great step and is the foundation and reference point for combining the entire international communist movement.
The International Association of Communists is doing its best to set up a direct relationship with all M-L-M parties and organizations that want to work towards uniformity and not the distribution of the basic principle: 1. Defending Marxism-Leninism Maisism, 2. Fight against Revisionism and 3rd Proletarian World Cup. KKL will work, holding meetings, meetings of Jafoorum, seeking to raise two -line battles and promote ideological and political unity. Thus, it supports all proposals, initiatives, forums that develop the development of the service -free - battle -uniformity. Exactly as in the political and principle statement:
_Nuly the International Organization is the center of ideological, political and organizational coordination, based on democratic centralism and problem -solving, through mutual and permanent negotiations between its forms and organizations, and will extend it to those who are from the same principles and positions on the same principles
Thus, the establishment of KKL does not close the process of combating the corridor for unity, but it opens up a whole new phase _ "organizing a communist international reconference, under Maoism command and guidance" _, and we are available and committed to the heaven and the country to fight.
Comrades, Combine under Maoism!Down revisionism! 
down imperialism!Long live the proletarian world revolution! 
Long live the International Communist Association! 
8 . February 2023 
_The union of communists _
News Source: https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2023/03/13/vetoomus-kaikille-marxilais-leninilais-maolaisille-puolueille-ja-jarjestoille-liittya-kansainvaliseen-kommunistien-liittoon/ 
Free land distribution, not split what farmers need 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T98:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The Philippine peasant movement questioned the so -called & quot; benefits & quot; of the Split (Support to Parcelization of Land for Individual Titling)
Images: [' farmer-cagayan-valley.jpg ']
Categories: ['Peasants']
Type: article
 The Philippine Peasant Movement questioned the so -called "benefits" of the split program(Support to Parcelization of Land for Individual Titling)now pushed by the World Bank and Department of Agrarian Reform(BUT).Saklaw ng programa ang 1.3 milyong ektaryang lupa na ibinigay na sa 750,000benepisyaryong magsasaka. Pinopondohan ito ng ₱19 bilyong utang mula sa WorldBank na babayaran rin ng mamamayan.
"Habang abala ang ahensya (BUT)In breaking the collective titles for the individual property of beneficiaries, we also want to know the resources of distributing large chunks of land and property that is subject to distribution to beneficiaries. to distribute the land to the hacienda tinang in Tarlac to its depicted.
In 2021, the KMP said that only 161,445 hectares were issued by CLOA(Certificate of Land Ownership Award)under false reform. Not all beneficiaries are positioned in awarded land. The DAR has no actual inventory if only a few of them remain on the ground. On the other hand, there is still a wide -hacost held by the landlords and capitalists.
The KMP has previously criticized the program that they know will only lubricate the landslides that have been distributed to landlords. Accordingly, the split is forced to break the collective CLOA to transform its lands into the collateral in the loan or enter into the luxurious venture agreement or agreements for the commercial plantation of ohalcue.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/libreng-pamamahagi-ng-lupa-di-split-ang-kailangan-ng-mga-magsasaka/ 
US-CHINA, EDCA CONCLUSION 
Author: Philippine Revolution Web Central
Publish Time: 2023-03-13T99:00:00-04:00
Modified Time: None
Description: The US will begin repairing the Cesar Basa Air Base in Floridablanca, Pampanga on March 20. This airbase is part of American troops in 1991 after the Senate dismissed the Senate
Images: [' protesters-burn-us-flag.webp ']
Categories: ['International', 'Politics']
Type: article
 The US will begin repairing the Cesar Basa Air Base in Floridablanca, Pampanga on March 20. This airbase is part of the American troops in 1991 after the Senate dismissed the treaty to extend the US use at Philippine facilities. It is again returned to the US control through the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement or EDCA. This Agreement has attributed the provision to the reactionary Constitution that the Senate had to ratiP any treaty that would allow the country's foreign troops and facilities.
“By March 20 we will invite our US Secretary of the Air Force(Frankkendall)to conduct groundbreaking, "Marykay Loss Carlson's ambassador to the Philippines was proud of March 11.
The US will pour $ 24 million to make sure their forces will benefit the airport. It is part of the $ 80 million funds that the US will pour in construction of facilities within the Armed Forces of Thephilippines camps. Under the EDCA, the US can build their weapons and residences of their soldiers in the areas awarded to them by the Philippine government. The Philippine government and the Armedforces of the Philippines will surrender the authorities to the areas where this facilities will cover.
Cesar Basa Air Base is one of the first five facilities to be "repaired" by the US for its own gear. The other four others are Fort Magsaysay MilitaryReservation in Nueva Ecija; Lumbia Airfield in Cagayan de Oro; Antoniobautista Airbase in Puerto Princesa, Palawan; and Benito Ebuen Air Base Sacebu. They have been added to at least four more military camps after US Vice President Kamala Harris visited last year. Among the alleged US targets of the Sanorthern Luzon and its oceans are in the area directly facing Taiwan and Taiwannrait. The US Navy itself admitted that it would strengthen the defense against Sachina.
In front of it, China seems to be warning by asking why the Philippines is singing itself to the US in Taiwan's US.Before the US directly stabbed the Philippine Strait, China aggressively dismissed the Philippine fishing and patrol ships in the Domestic Territory Territory in the West Philippine Sea. Just this year, the Philippines has filed 10diplomatic protest against China in the wake of the boats and boats.
The latest hot incident was a laser beam focusing on a ship's laser beam on a resupply ship of the Philippines' Coast Guard in Hope Shoal. Today, at least 40 Chinese ships remain in the area.
China and US ambassadors are still exchanging patches in the country. China has accused the US of risk of regional security through the EDCA. The US has replied that China is at risk of regional security because of its presence in South Chinasea.
News Source: https://philippinerevolution.nu/angbayan/giriang-us-china-pinaiigting-ng-kasunduang-edca/ 
We share the pain of the people who have lost life in all nations in Turkey, Rojava and Northern Syria! 
Author: lipunkantaja
Time: 2023-03-13T99:00:00-04:00
Images: [' KKL-lippu.png ']
Categories: ['Kansainvälinen Kommunistien Liitto', 'Yleinen']
 -All -country proletarians, join together! 
We share the pain of the people who have lost life in all nations in Turkey, Rojava and Northern Syria! 
Early in the morning of February 6 at 4:17 pm, the earthquake, 7.7 magnitudes, took place in pazarcık/maraş, immediately followed by another 7.6 magnitude earthquake in Elbistan/Maraş at 1:24 pm. As a result of these countries, the great accident and destruction of Antakya, Osmaniyea, Antep, Urfa, Amba, Malay, Kilis, Ad, Adana, Rojava and Northern Syria.
In addition to the earthquake accident and the extent of its devastation, levisisformation, in addition to the winter season, due to the cold weather conditions in the area affected the poor people, thousands of people lost their lives and are still in the ruins, and tens of thousands of them were injured. Thousands of victims, hundreds of thousands of households and great destruction.The earthquake is, of course, a natural accident, but guaranteed not to have such a harsh destruction. This destruction is a product of completelyimperialism -dependent greedy dominance sestns. Construction and urbanization, nature's eating, deprivation of people and concentration to make bigger profits in the hope of greater profits, and other policies are leading to accidents in humanity. The only thing that best protects people and all living creatures is a revolutionary line that is aimed at destroying an exploitation system and a private asset to build a socialist system, communism.
It has been shown how weak and fragile are the financial system and infrastructure of imperialism -dependent Turkish -dependent classes and state. The fascist state puts a lot of money on attacks on its budget against the people, the hostility towards the Kurdish people and the oppressed nations, for state representation mechanisms for a thirsty defense system. With this structure, it has been non -spatula in feeding the troops, making propaganda from the "large state", "great leader", "world state". Earthquake, instead, has shown that the magnitude of government and its authority is actually a "paper tiger". All its weaknesses have been revealed. Even more importantly, it has shown that the state does not have to give the troops, unable to make any investments and incapable of doing what the necessary improvements in this relationship. It works like a ruthless gear that deprives people of the people, bringing them more poverty and drowning them more and more into blood and tears.
Given the design process for this year, the Turkish state -owned government Erdoğan, and the fascist union between the AKP and MHP, have increasingly putting pressure on the weight of themselves. Now, the rage and the protest of the people, which was gone by economic and social collapse, has become more uniform with the earthquake. For the recession, it means worsening the administration crisis. In order to deal with this administrative crisis, it is becoming more and more of its empowering repression mechanism. It attacks the people more increasingly, increasingly limiting political freedoms, and doing the best of the earthquake on the shoulders of the people.The earthquake and its jet effect revealed some need for Turkey's revolution. The need for a revolution is burning. But even more important is the questions what is the path of the revolution and what is the popular path of the popular organized way. The only and true way of this system, which is a rotten jelly paper tiger, is to destroy the People's War. A revolutionary battle that is not based on weapons and violence does not reveal troop power and authority. In order to destroy the people's helplessness and exit, waiting for the rescuer and waiting for those who are convicted, they must organize and fight on the folk war led by TKP/ML. The invasion of power, which is achieved, in a minor people in the Democratic Revolution, to the invasion of all power, will mean the complete and final liberation of the people.
We, international communist covenant(KKL), we share the pain of all nations that have lost life in Turkey, Kurdistan and Syria, and we organize folk solutation to improve the wounds of the wounds of poverty and misery, and we think that national authority should now be built.
We urge all advanced, revolutionary, democratic, anti-imperialist divisions to work with the Internationalist Spirit to divide the solidarity and struggle of oppressed people!
The International Communist Association stands on the victims of oppressed Turkish, Kurdish, Arabs and different nationalities.
8 . February 2023 
_The union of communists _
News Source: https://punalippu.noblogs.org/post/2023/03/13/me-jaamme-maanjaristysten-vuoksi-henkia-menettaneen-kansan-tuskan-kaikissa-kansakunnissa-turkissa-rojavassa-ja-pohjois-syyriassa/ 
Women's Panel was performed at Strasbourg ’ 
Author: ['muhabirmehmet']
Time: 2023-03-13T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Strasbourg
Images: [' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-13-at-08.59.29-620x330.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-13-at-08.59.31-300x169.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp-Image-2023-03-13-at-08.59.25-300x169.jpeg ']
Categories: ['Avrupa', 'Haberler', 'Manset']
Type: article
 Strasbourg In the event; In Turkey, Kurdistan, France, Iran and Afghanistan, the presentations on the pressure and struggles of the Kikadınlar were exercised.  Following the silence, the Women's Commission was informed about the course of the event. Then the new woman prepared by the new woman was shown. On behalf of the new woman in Turkey and T. Kurdistan on the status and struggles of the Kikadınlar, the women's commission on behalf of the women's commission on the presentations on Kisureç. In the section, where statistical information was given, the role of the capitalist system on the basis of violence against women is effective. Information was given on the importance of organizing. From these presentations, the women's struggle in Afghanistan on behalf of the woman's eye institution was told about the pressures experienced by the Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan. It was underlined that Afghan women lived more than the pressure in other parts of the world and that even being a woman is a crime.
 In the last part of the presentations, the speech of the Iranian women's institution was made. This section, which describes the women's struggle in recent years, was watched by the participants. Following the presentation, the questions and opinions of the participants were passed. In this section, questions were asked about the women's remedies in Iran and Afghanistan, and questions were answered by the representative of the Iranian women's institution.
After the opinions were mentioned, the event was successfully ended.
News Source: https://www.atik-online.net/blog/strasbourgda-kadin-paneli-yapildi 
